So is it all just the slick semantics of the marketeer keen to take advantage of an already nonplussed would-be suit purchaser, or actually a positive new development in men's wear?
The slick could reach the russian border as soon as sunday. It has already disrupted the normal flow of fresh water to millions of chinese who live near the river.
The slick of blood that comes from this is just like pouring out of the net
The slick thermostat promises glitzy changes in the mostly stale market for such household devices.
The solution is a slick idea because google won't be censoring its chinese website; indeed, it won't provide any search results through it to censor!
A helicopter sprays dispersant onto the oil slick
We subsequently discovered he was doing that on slick tyres.
The super-thin design is also classic lenovo, slick and low-profile.
We were just talking to slick about the sound barrier.
The us coast guard said 5 times as much oil as previously estimated was leaking from a well beneath the site of a deadly drilling rig explosion at the gulf of mexico, as the oil slick threatened wide-scale coastal damage.
He's got that nickle - slick badge.
Be like ill factitious singer or oratorical, need tongue campaign is slick person, cannot go facial nerve-hypoglossal nerve be identical, and as advisable as accessory nerve be identical.
The view may be cloudy or hazy, and if the oil slick location is near the edge of the image, it will be blurry.
The worldfirst racing car features slick bodywork fashioned from recycled carbon fiber, old plastic bottles and organic materials.
He's stylish, yeah, he's so slick
Because I know I'm slick
Do not be fooled by this slick ninja!
A short entry-ap photographer charlie riedel just filed the following images of seabirds caught in the oil slick on a beach on louisiana's east grand terre island.
I jut think it's sharp and it's slick and it's bad - ass.
I knew that his slick lawyers would get him off,
So, whether it's by showing off that shining personality of yours or coming up with a slick ( yet meaningful) presentation, keep your audience on their toes.
Because it's slick like that.
Because it's slick like that.
Some environmental experts warned earlier, if not promptly clean up the oil slick that would undermine the louisiana coastal ecosystem.
If any industry ought to be seeing silver iridescence in the dark slick of oil gushing into the gulf of mexico, it is renewable energy.
If any industry ought to be seeing silver iridescence in the dark slick of oil gushing into the gulf of mexico, it is renewable energy.
Don't be fooled by slick politicians.
Some worry that his slick style could veer towards shallow populism.
There was a fire, an explosion and now a dark slick of oil disfigures the gulf of mexico like a bruise.
There was an oil slick outside her house at the curb.
Draco malfoy is a slick haired evil nasty little really.
Draco malfoy is a slick haired, evil, nasty little really.
There's a big difference between an amateur video and a slick Hollywood production.
Actor ed norton recently helped launch crowdrise, a slick new website that gives ordinary people an easy way to crowd source fundraising.
Sometimes that kid would think he was being slick with me and he'd say,
There's a slick Hollywood hustler waiting to exploit them.
There's a world of difference between an amateur video and a slick Hollywood production.
You ain't said nothing slick to a can of oil.
I like a man who knows how to slick a thirst.
I like the slick new look!
You are one slick bastard.
These look amazing on screen and, together with the slick page-turning capabilities of the ipad, they suggest that the days of the single-purpose, black and white e-reader such as amazon's kindle are numbered.
Well, he ain't about to out slick me.
You called him slick git not five hours ago.
If the promise of a rich ajax application is delivered in a network environment that is occasionally fragile, users will become disillusioned with the perceived instability of the application regardless of its slick interface.
Blade gripped in hand slick with Roman blood.
Well, if this is somebody slick enough to smuggle a gun in here, assume he hit his target.
If the wind changes and pushes the slick west towards texas's beaches, that might be manageable.
Even on a clear day, an oil slick may be imperceptible in photo-like satellite images.
Only one republican, rudy giuliani, looks competitive in the polls, and his campaign is less slick than those of hillary clinton and barack obama.
Ooh, pretty slick move.
If we can crack his slick facade in the deposition and get him to show his true colors,
They compete with slick advertising or too-good-to-be-true offers, like those for low initial interest rates.
They dress real slick and flash a big bankroll,
All evening? Even after slick came to get him?
I mean, I was so slick that you actually
Exxonmobil still covets bp's gulf of mexico assets, for example, even after the deepwater horizon disaster turned the gulf into one big oil slick for a few months.
Or you'll have to swim back to the boat through the oil slick and the beer cans.
Maybe it'll be an actual tv set designed by jony ive& co. with an inventive software interface to rival its inevitably slick physical appearance.
Other countries with deepwater oil reserves, from brazil to libya and ghana to greenland, have been even less troubled by the threat of a huge slick washing up on their beaches, pressing ahead with moves to encourage foreign companies to look for oil in their waters.
They slick - dogged us. - come on!
Fancy imported cars, five-star hotels and slick malls dot guangzhou, the hub of a region that has blossomed into one of china's--and the world's--main economic engines.
But I know a slick little bastard who will happily put his honor's shit in the street.
They were outplayed by the Colombians' slick passing and decisive finishing.
Our Omega - 3 slick will take them down.
Our Omega 3 slick will take them down, private... Activate.
Sweet slick Willie.
If you're ever in a hurry and need a plush pout, just slick on some vaseline.
Meanwhile, ms yingluck is running a slick and brilliant campaign.
Men: men hate richard gere because he reminds them of that slick guy who works at the health club and dates only married women.
His style is slick and visually exciting.
Syrian government forces are setting out to strike the city's makeshift clinics, where the floor is already slick with blood.
Syrian government forces are setting out to strike the city's makeshift clinics, where the floor is already slick with blood.
Syrian government forces are setting out to strike the city's makeshift clinics, where the floor is already slick with blood.
Hmmm. how long ago was that? It wasn't some slick move, if that's what you mean. Just very normal, very sweet. He's a runner, you know. Trim as a bird.
Take Mary Jane and link up with slick Nancy. Go!
Take Mary Jane and link up with slick Nancy. Go!
If you've got need of a slick racing game on android, look no further than raging thunder 2.
Our recently published gulf oil slick images: frequently asked questions explains why oil is most visible in the sunglint part of satellite image and why the earth observatory doesn't post new images of the slick every day.
But accepting the naturalist slogan without looking beneath the slick packaging is an unscientific way to form one's beliefs about the world, not something naturalists should recommend.
What did slick - head Negro want?
You just proved my point, slick fingers.
Overall, the interface is slick but can become a little crowded with so many shortcuts.
Although photographs show that the damaged rig was leaking oil, no oil slick is obvious in this image.
Although responsibility for the accident plainly lies with bp, a slick of recrimination now laps around the white house too.
For consulting clients, psfk gathers trend insights into a private, intranet version of the psfk web site, then assembles their research into a slick print report, as well as in-person presentations of the analyses.
But for nine days after the slick was generated by a factory explosion, china had made no move to warn its neighbour.
But government attempts to suppress news of an 80km ( 50 mile) toxic chemical slick creeping along a big river in north-eastern china have unleashed a torrent of criticism by the country's normally reticent media.
Particularly useful on slick pavement.
Most of the bands, like super junior and wonder girls, are household names; highly produced, sugary boy-and girl-bands with slick dance routines and cathy tunes.
Most of the images of the oil slick that the earth observatory has published come from a sensor called modis, a copy of which flies on both the terra and aqua satellites.
Ten years ago, when a slick gadget he conceived and helped to build hit the market, most analysts shrugged, saying the new tech toy would be irrelevant to most people.
How could you lay that slick faggot?
Mousavi's slick campaign galvanised an apathetic electorate and raised hopes of a more stable economy and more liberty at home as well as better relations abroad.
An emergency response effort is under way to stop the flow of oil and contain the existing slick before it reaches wildlife refuges and beaches in louisiana and mississippi.
Perhaps more than any other technological advance-more than the touch-screen voting booth, the automated campaign phone call or even the slick tv attack ad-the teleprompter continues to define our political age.
An oil slick caused by a spill from a supertanker has hit several beaches.
But if you want a slick user interface without the hassle of configuring mythtv, linuxmce is worth a look.
Thanks to its slick design, drivers can make a statement about their style and climate change simultaneously.
That 512mb of hard disk plugged into your wifi router might look like a pretty slick piece of engineering right now but your kids, with access to unlimited amounts of super-cheap online backup for a few pennies, will wonder what all the fuss was about.
Pictures transition from one to another with a slick animation.
In fact, they often learn to tap, swipe and pinch their way around its slick user interface faster than their parents.
In his dark suit and slick tie, naoki endo could be mistaken for someone in the fashion industry.
Much more than building a slick website, mr tang says that creditease's success has rested on it building a credit culture.
Porto enjoyed success with the same approach in the quarter-final first-leg at old trafford when their energy and slick movement earned a 2-2 draw.
However you take your music--mp3s, internet radio, spotify, pandora--sonos lets you stream it all through one slick box.
From the country's southern reaches to its northern capital, the a6's slick frame and invariably tinted windows exude an aura of state privilege, authority and, to many ordinary citizens, a whiff of corruption.
From the country's southern reaches to its northern capital, the a6's slick frame and invariably tinted windows exude an aura of state privilege, authority and, to many ordinary citizens, a whiff of corruption.
From the country's southern reaches to its northern capital, the a6's slick frame and invariably tinted windows exude an aura of state privilege, authority and, to many ordinary citizens, a whiff of corruption.
Pretty professional. But you are not a slick professional.
You know, you supposed to be some slick - shit killer.
You leave slick out of this! You ain't gonna make me
In particular, she singles out an application that wasn't in scott forstall's demos or apple's slick promotional video, but which fits perfectly into jobs 'final hobby: television.
In parts it is a slick black ooze, fit only for scores of bathing water buffalo.
You like like the man with the slick black hair who sold me that ford.
You made me miss the slick rick gig ( oh slick rick)
That slick black exterior is absolute eye candy, a progressive detail that we haven't seen on another home yet.
This photo from google shows an oil slick spreading through haiti's coastal waters.
You remember that... That slick Comanche,
Put up some slick new high - rise.
I am one slick brother.
In the downstream city of songyuan, officials partially shut down tap-water supplies drawn from the river as the slick approached.
In the general election in july last year mr thaksin's pheu thai ( pt) party ran an impressively slick and largely content-free campaign perfectly suited to the age of 24-hour television and social media, fronted by the ever-smiling ms yingluck.
This road was pretty slick from the rain last night.
This slick little band tracks your movements and syncs with smartphones to get you up and moving.
Real slick like hair grease, but with less mess.
Nasa satellites don't capture good images of the oil slick every day.
That way, we are prepared to deal with cold fingers, slippery reins, poor visibility and slick footing when the weather is unexpectedly bad.
When a bowl of soup leaves lips as slick as if they'd just been slathered with balm, it's a bummer.
You slick son of a mental, why didn't you tell us?
But the oppressive atmosphere flattered the signs which blurred in the pearly air and leaked reflections on to the slick streets as if the gas inside them were turning moist all over again.
Those were some pretty slick moves back there.
Instead, world stocks slipped on an oil slick and oil may be the key catalyst for the slow-motion crash in equities that resumed yesterday.
That's a slick slope you're heading down.
When slick tyres returned to formula one racing in 2009, the tyre size remained unchanged.
Through the lens of the muslim brotherhood's slick arabic-language website, the referendum on the future of south sudan looks rather different from its portrayal elsewhere.
Richard nixon, then the vice-president, was among stone's first targets as "a young man who symbolises a slick kind of arrow-collared fascism" and remained in his sights until the watergate scandal.
I thought slick Willy was pretty good,
I thought slick willy was pretty good.
Till she's slick as a baby seal.
Government officials said hurricanes will impact the worsening gulf oil slick depending on the storm's size, strength and track.
Rogue trader is a surprisingly slick and enjoyable number just as long as you can overlook its very distant relation to truth about the downfall of barings bank in the wake of massive losses and fraud perpetrated by one of its singapore traders.
Rude! You forget I am a slick chick.
Is that an elastic band on the slick red floor, or a tapeworm?
To learn more about oil slick images shown on the earth observatory, including why the oil isn's visible every day, please visit gulf of mexico oil slick images: frequently asked questions.
The airbus a320, with a slick glossy fuselage and traditional koru symbol on the tail, begins domestic service in february.
It cleverly fills in all the spaces and rearranges each items and display it nicely on browsers, and they usually come with slick animation too.
Whether you're slick and happening or dark and jamming,
Have slick clipper-built surface, movement smooth, efficiency tall, noise the advantage such as province of low, specific power consumption.
It features a heavy titanium timepiece mounted in a metal band, but you can ditch the band and put the timepiece in a slick pocket watch housing.
The broadcaster hasn't said how much it's spending on cctv americas, but as the video above demonstrates, the new product is as slick as anything on cable.
It has the trappings of an election campaign in the United States, with slick television ads touting the candidates.
While apple comes out with a new iphone model once a year, slick android phones with new features hit the market often.
You're just another slick bird honking out of both sides of his beak.
The cow struggles to right itself, but with the narrow passageway and downward slope slick with feces and vomit, it cannot get up.
It is oversold by business schools with slick marketing campaigns.
I don't have some slick attorney.
I don't have some slick attorney.
I don't have some slick attorney.
The crowd enjoyed the team's slick passing.
Nokia has previously used the software on its internet tablets, but the n900 will be the first mobile phone to use this slick platform.
The device's slick promotional video was picked up by blogs all over the internet this past spring, and the project raised more than$ 700,000 in funding.
It makes the iron slick so it can move around again.
Tony hayward is almost as unloved as the boss of goldman sachs; he is still the right man to lead bp out of the slick
And that's when the cynical, slick practicality of mark zuckerberg ran afoul of the let's-cut-through-this-shit directness of his stated hero.
It might be a slick way to get to know her.why?
You're slick as a wolf. I don't trust you. hit me with your number.
Touch-based technology as around for years before apple ( aapl) release the iphone's slick interface.
It sounds like a next-generation iphone--voice recognition, multitouch, a slick interface.
The highly responsive multi-touch capacitive touch screen combined with super user-friendly android 2.2 os provides you a fast and slick user-experience.
The highly responsive multi-touch capacitive touch screen combined with super user-friendly android 2.2 os provides you a fast and slick user-experience.
Not only were her nails expertly turned out, she also wore a slick of bright pink lipstick.
It was dominated by manufacturers such as nokia and sony ericsson, which were good at design and marketed slick products, yet the upstart from cupertino has taken them apart.
The idea was that the business owners would be more likely to trust someone looking a little sweaty from hard work, and who looked like he was trying really hard to win business than a slick salesman in a fine suit.
It was great theatre, much like the rest of her slick and brilliantly effective campaign.
The jilin authorities did not notify heilongjiang of the threat until the slick reached songyuan, five days after the explosion.
She slips her fingers down to your chest. Your skin is slick with sweat.
Cetacean experts do not expect whales to escape this slick completely.
He grabbed a slick and sailed into a dog.
Two companies are putting the car ron's father enchanted to shame with slick flying vehicles. Tiny planes work well in the air but don't have the chops to handle the street.
Two days before the slick reached harbin, they announced that tap-water supplies in the city would be suspended, but as in songyuan the reason given was "maintenance".
Your cock shouldn't go near her till she's slick as a baby seal.
It's a fast and slick app, although the icon is so hideous you'll probably want to keep it out of your main dock.
And though zimbabwe has become a pariah state with negative economic growth and insane inflation, he has stayed suave and slick to this day, with tie and pocket square always perfectly matched.
The modern campaign poster is a slick thing, with message-tested taglines and occasionally trendsetting design.
He is acting in a slick way again.
Your mom made you with a slick salesman with a queer moustache.
The new phones boast a slick touch-screen interface and several novel features, including one that makes it easier than on most smart-phones to post news and photos to social networks on the move.
The new phones boast a slick touch-screen interface and several novel features, including one that makes it easier than on most smart-phones to post news and photos to social networks on the move.
Underneath that slick surface, there's a heart of gold.
Coming up to date, the 2009 season brought the much-welcomed return to slick tyres, following the fia's decision to limit aerodynamics rather than rubber as a way of keeping cornering speeds under control.
Your slick little dance moves, you think you're better than us, don't you?
The oil slick is now 35 miles long.
He looks like a slick one, doesn't he?
Until quite recently, it was widely assumed particularly by slick analysts on wall street that community banks were destined to be swept away by the forces of capitalist evolution.
Upon its release in 1993, mosaic was the first browser to support bookmarking, icons, a slick user interface ( by 1993's standards), and the biggest innovation yet: picture support.
With its contoured soft, black rubbery back, the simple touch still looks slick two years later and remains hands-down the most comfortable e-reader to hold for long bouts of time.
ain't nothing slick to a can of oil.
ain't nothing slick to a can of oil.
because Mr slick pants here,
because Mr slick pants here,
It's slick Rick and Johnny Knoxville!
With the slick wheels and the custom paint job...
And you stand up there with your slick haircut.
Creating a clean, slick user interface is a very popular use of ajax. It allows users to accomplish more on a single page.
Crews are placing the boom in different areas on coast waterways to help protect against an approaching oil slick in the gulf of mexico.
Italian environmentalists warn of disaster as oil slick reaches river po after sabotage at refinery.
Working some slick jobs in some fine suits.
Working some slick jobs in some fine suits.
Cunning men often pass for wise; deep political machinations; a foxy scheme; a slick evasive answer; sly as a fox; tricky dick; a wily old attorney.
Silly sally's slick saddle seldom seemed soft. Still, sally sat sidesaddle and slowly sidled off.
Its organisers produced a slick 750-page volume that included all the conference papers.
Its own mobile apps are clunky, in marked contrast to instagram's slick interface.
I'll tell you, old Chang don't get his slick mitts on this for no measly $15.
don't give us the runaround, slick why aren't they out there?
don't give us the runaround, slick why aren't they out there?
The region's best hope is that the wind blows most of the slick offshore, in which case little needs to be done.
He stepped on the brake, and suddenly the car started to slide on the slick pavement.
Andre buckner directs this hard-hitting action-packed thriller and stars as braxton, a slick assassin trained by the government and known as "the locator."
Of course, microsoft is touting xbox one's 500 gigabyte hard drive and slick game dvr functionality, but they made no mention of television recording capabilities in yesterday's announcement.
The saddest scene, at the beach, is gradisca's wedding to a slick fascist leader; the marriage is of their hopes and their doom.
Six sick slick slim sycamore saplings
Delaney, you're a slick Cupid motherfucker.
Just as jobs helped revolutionize personal computing with the apple ii, he also ushered what many now dub the "post-pc" era thanks to a slick slab of glass and aluminum called the ipad.
Just as slick fun as dancing or going to parties.
I have a slick oily taste in my mouth one that rendered the birthday cake my family made for me recently all but inedible.
Despite that, it is a slick and potentially useful web-based twitter client.
Yeah, I thought you'd have more of a slick pad
So after we killed the chicken, I was slick enough that I was able to hide the immunity idol
I'm hoping the third time will be a charm and the next major update-running on slick new nokia hardware-will have all my "musts" and more so I can finally say I'm "all in" with windows phone.
As I remember, last time the service was about as slick as dry toast.
As I remember, last time the service was about as slick as dry toast.
As race official, slylock fox allowed smitty to run with the balloons. Is slylock giving slick smitty an unfair advantage?
As slick and automatic as these capabilities might appear, they do not yet offer a significant upgrade over an internet-enabled cellphone.
As slick as an eel -
As they have gradually migrated from inexpensive seaside towns to slick city centres such as manchester and birmingham, ordinary party members have been priced out.
Asked this week if he's committed to it, obama's slick chief negotiator, jonathan pershing, said the us was still looking at the science.
At least eight sea birds have been rescued from an oil slick that extends about three miles ( five kilometers) from the boat.
At rs49 ($ 1, 0.65, 0.74) for a 69g bar, dairy milk silk is more expensive than regular dairy milk and it will be promoted with slick television advertisements made by ogilvy, the global agency.
Lars eric gutubaken rescue team spokesman said it was not clear how many fuel leaks, but the oil slick reached the coast 18 morning.
I'm surprised you can hold the club with those slick hands.
A mysterious plague or viral outbreak has run rampant
The speculative frenzies, tight administrative control over security issuance, rampant insider trading all reveal severe deficiencies in its markets.
A forceful former finance minister, ngozi okonjo-iweala, got rampant inflation down to single digits last year and built up foreign exchange reserves that now stand at around$ 48 billion.
We watched as sex addiction ran rampant through our country.
Baseball, too, had its period of rampant amphetamine use, which is viewed in an almost nostalgic light now that stronger performance enhancers such as anabolic steroids and human growth hormone have tainted the game's image.
He's an example of the kind of nepotism that runs rampant in the barbering industry.
The tiny alpine nation's economy has been ripped apart over the last few years thanks to rampant corruption, a banking crisis, and unsound fiscal policies.
A member of the upper-middle class, he owns a scooter, a jeep, and a cell phone-all of which are signs on wealth in myanmar, which has one of the most expensive car markets in the world and is in the midst of a period of rampant inflation.
A miscellany of domestic problems rampant property speculation in ireland and spain, hopeless governance in italy, lack of economic development in portugal, greece's bloated public sector have become problems for the eu as a whole.
Oh, you'd rather some unknown supernatural element running rampant in our town, fine.
The use of recycled oil is rampant in some areas, especially where cash-strapped migrant workers and students are major diners.
A philippine lawmaker frustrated by rampant electoral fraud has proposed legislation to get the names of the dead off voter rolls.
Lifestyle: rampant inflation and an unemployment rate that has reached into the 90s haven't stopped 86-year-old president robert mugabe from living out his golden years in style.
The villagers, by contrast, have suffered from bad conditions, drought, rampant unemployment, and the corruption and bullying of state officials.
The work may be humane, but rampant overtime is not.
Their last hit, the rampant rabbit, made them a small fortune.
Headlines about rising inflation, rampant bank lending and a flood of capital inflows might appear to suggest that virtually all emerging economies are overheating.
Headlines about rising inflation, rampant bank lending and a flood of capital inflows might appear to suggest that virtually all emerging economies are overheating.
Like many vestiges of old hong kong it is threatened by rampant urbanization.
Social problems, such as rampant alcoholism and drug use and a high suicide rate, were rife in the settlements.
Software piracy is rampant in china, where about 80 percent of computers are believed to use counterfeit software, according to the business software alliance.
Some even privately suggest that religious faith may bring ethical benefits in the widely lamented moral vacuum of rampant materialism.
Yes, we can get a diagnosis by letting the disease run rampant until it kills her.
There are not enough qualified workers to go around, causing rampant poaching and extremely fast wage inflation.
Aaron cloth saw and mei and rampant with her, then discarded and beautiful, it angered and zhaizhu.
There is rampant speculation james is considering miami to join dwyane wade and chris bosh.
Locke himself responded to rampant speculation across social media that pollution forced him out. "
Here, democracy is on life-support, while paid-for politicians give mouth to mouth to imperialism, rampant globalization and the ravaging of the poor.
Drugs and weapons are not the only contraband found during a cell toss; cellular phones also run rampant through our correctional system-posing more trouble than a dropped call.
Dry climate conducive to poison the moth outbreak, dance dance poison moth rampant cycle in china for 8 years, that is, for 1 year, proliferation period for two to three years, rampant period for two to three years, decay stage 3 years.
Dubai's stable politics and business-friendly culture, along with rampant property speculation, helped fuel growth of as much as 13% in the years before it came to a screeching halt in 2009.
Additionally, despite a slight february pull-back, bank lending remains rampant and liquidity strong.
Before columbus, the parasites that cause malaria were rampant in eurasia and africa but unknown in the americas.
After a spate of reports of rampant rip-offs by the hong kong tourist trade, authorities are stepping up efforts to ensure mainland travellers get a fair deal in the former british crown colony.
Looking for the last unspoiled beaches in the Caribbean? The Bay Islands have so far escaped the rampant commercialization of Cancun or Montego. Pristine, white beaches extend for miles, virtually untouched by the tourist trade. But go quickly, it likely won't last for long.
Lookism, or judging people on their physical looks, is a rampant problem in the workplace and indeed everywhere we go.
Well, be careful, they're running rampant in there.
Speculation is running rampant at the 27th sun valley conference over which company might want to buy twitter.
Speculation was rampant on sites such as twitter.
After being elected mayor in 1994 on mr erbakan's ticket, he sought to help the poor and relieved the city of 12m-plus from chronic drought, mountains of refuse and rampant crime.
Being rampant now that you've got your own company, huh?
Emblems first of empire, then post-industrial drift and rampant capitalism, london's docks are now in hock to a new power
Endemic corruption and rampant academic cheating are also seen as problems, as are restrictions on freedom of thought and expression.
These gangs are rampant throughout the country but are most predominant in the area of cape town, and the specifically the cape town flats.
These jobs, or lack thereof, are perfect reflections of the new, post-industrial, post-1970s economy: the growth of service and managerial fields, the rise of women in executive positions, and, recently, rampant unemployment.
One leading intellectual, echoing russians at all levels, agrees that rampant corruption, now at the level of a "kleptocracy", is a central issue.
One leading intellectual, echoing russians at all levels, agrees that rampant corruption, now at the level of a "kleptocracy", is a central issue.
After years of currency appreciation and rampant cost increases unmatched by improvements in productivity, manufacturers in both countries find it hard to compete in world markets.
Lottery-related crimes have been on the rise as well, and underground lottery schemes have become rampant across the country in recent years, bankrupting many families.
Low wages, no overtime, rampant sexual harassment.
These wonder-pills have saved more lives than almost any other invention. But there are signs that they are losing some of their potency, thanks in part to rampant overuse.
Aggregate figures often mask a more complex reality, failing to adequately account for potentially explosive factors like popular resentment of police brutality, rampant economic inequality, or the unmet expectations of the middle east's biggest-ever generation of college graduates.
Black monday, as the day became known, was a result of many factors, not least of which were years of wild speculation and greed brought on by a wave of junk-bond-fueled hostile takeovers and rampant insider trading.
Statisticians say random associations are rampant in such studies, which is why so many have contradictory findings.
Book buy cheap rampant and reckless play after playing the fourth lattice hit with a good book you would like to win.
Every one wants to know what's next, and there's rampant speculation that james is considering miami to join dwyane wade and chris bosh.
Many production problems are well-known within local manufacturing circles, mr midler says, but collusion is rampant and there are no rewards in china for whistle-blowing.
Many production problems are well-known within local manufacturing circles, mr midler says, but collusion is rampant and there are no rewards in china for whistle-blowing.
Well, it's about this rampant violence.
Alcoholism is a very complex problem that is rampant in our society and has many variables that need to be addressed simultaneously.
All - consuming, competitive spirit meets rampant insecurity.
Still, as with vision, if blood sugar levels are allowed to run rampant for too long, neuropathy ( nerve damage) will be permanent.
If you are worried about the environment, you might buy organic food; if you want to help poor farmers, you can do your bit by buying fairtrade products; or you can express a dislike of evil multinational companies and rampant globalisation by buying only local produce.
If you are worried about the environment, you might buy organic food; if you want to help poor farmers, you can do your bit by buying fairtrade products; or you can express a dislike of evil multinational companies and rampant globalisation by buying only local produce.
His aim was to make "a small contribution in the fight against rampant immappancy"-in particular, the fact that most people do not realise how much the ubiquitous mercator projection distorts the relative sizes of countries.
Facing starvation from poverty, the disrupted food supply and rampant inflation due to the overprinting of money to cover the war deficit, people abandoned their jobs and cities to look for food.
If you live in area where fireworks are permitted, you know the neighborhood is rampant with children wielding roman candles, sparklers and the like come fourth of july.
Stupidity is rampant in this friggin 'world,
Failing to pay homage to free trade would be a very bad sign and might open the door to much more rampant protectionism.
They run rampant with spyware and viruses.
Mcclelland said the rampant cyber crimes that, independent of any one country can deal with this crime, the international community must take joint action.
Fake products and swindles are rampant in daily life: fake milk, fake rice, fake edible oil, fake wine, fake medicine and fake licenses. Some say happiness comes from trust.
Meanwhile fears about piracy of intellectual property-more rampant in china than india-will constrain growth.
Meanwhile, moral corruption, so rampant in our society, has turned some people into misanthropes, otheres into reforers.
Meanwhile, official corruption is rampant throughout the communist party and bureaucracy.
Meetings with top chinese leaders convinced greenberg that they were serious about tackling a major u.s. trade complaint: the rampant violation of patents, trademarks and copyrights by chinese firms.
His reign since then has been marked by an unpopular concentration of political and military power in the northern cities, combined with accusations of rampant corruption and cronyism among political elites tied to saleh's party.
Microsoft itself faces daunting challenges in china, not least rampant piracy.
Finally, it helps that the iraqi economy has escaped the rampant inflation that often accompanies war.
Tanaka strode into office and was no sooner through the door when she began investigating rampant embezzlement-a top ministry official spent hundreds of thousands of yen on the racetrack and girlfriends-and moving to establish control over an out-of-control institution.
But after the rampant corruption of mr ben ali's last years, followed by the turmoil of a leaderless revolution, many voters may be reassured by nahda's back-to-basics message on family values.
Also rampant is the search for drugs.
They're all "authorized" by these labels as authentic--an important aspect to selling designer products in china, known for its rampant culture of believable knockoffs.
Tax evasion, always a major problem, became absolutely rampant in the mid-2000s when the conservative government eliminated the aggressive core of tax collectors known as the "rambo" contingent.
Following the civil war, counterfeit currency became such a rampant problem in the u.s.-more than a third of all bills were believed to be fakes-that the government was forced to act.
But at the same time, there are still many destabilizing factors in the afghan domestic situation, in particular grave challenges posed by resurging terrorism, rampant drug trafficking and transnational organized crimes, and slow progress of reconstruction.
For a city where speculation on high-end real estate is the most rampant in china, the official silence on the property tax and endorsement of more subsidized housing is telling.
They're running rampant with naughtiness.
But beijing's efforts to rein in rampant real estate prices in the past year, such as restricting bank lending to developers and home-buyers, have squeezed local property companies.
Although I strongly support a two-state solution, I worry that anti-semitism remains rampant in the middle east and that the demonization of israel and jews is at an alarming high.
Although he has started dealing with rampant corruption in the public sector and has passed several pro-poor measures, including cutting taxes for low earners, he has unsettled investors by doubling mineral royalties, sacking the governor of the central bank, and blocking a previously agreed sale of a state-owned bank.
But despite rampant graft, china's economy continues to grow.
But economic mismanagement and rampant corruption have kept the people in abject poverty.
Palestinian voters blame the corruption and ineptitude rampant in fatah and the pa mostly on a small group of arafat loyalists.
Moreover, china is witnessing modest inflation not the rampant deflation that would result from overcapacity.
But guarding the rampant fornications of my wife.
Most importantly, weak court issued decisions on ipr have not been enough to prevent its rampant practice by all of the country's biggest isps.
For fischer and his religious right friends, if the u.s. military overturns "don't ask, don't tell," rampant gay sex will overtake the military and lead to death and destruction.
Amid concern about rampant individualism and excess, she evokes a simpler, gentler era.
For it puts a spotlight on one of south africa's gravest problems: rampant corruption, particularly in government.
For many greeks, the rampant tax evasion highlighted by mr vaxevanis is confirmation that the wealthiest have shirked their responsibilities to the country by sending their savings abroad.
This can also prevent rampant vote traffickers.
Terrorism has been rampant after the "cold war". It has shattered the stability and development of die international society and destroyed essential interests of the human world.
For starters, rampant piracy and intellectual property issues in china continue to rub hollywood the wrong way--and, much more concretely, cost u.s. filmmakers billions of dollars every year.
For the first time in its history, china does not face the twin curses of rampant population growth and famine.
How depressing the shame and folly of it all is, when one considers that the system was brought down not because risk management was deficient ( though it was), nor because greed was rampant ( though it was), but because bankers could not count.
In an uncontrolled and rampant manner.
Thai culture blends buddhism, spirit beliefs and rampant materialism.
Mr bhalla and ms kaur find sex selection has run rampant among what they call the emerging middle classes-those with an income of 90000-170000 rupees a year.
Mr coates has seen a similar phenomenon among traders. In questionnaires they displayed no awareness of the rampant stress indicated by their cortisol measurements.
Analysts also said the security of pakistan's nuclear arsenal is with the rampant insurgency is becoming more and more concern.
But how to do this in a place with few roads, rampant corruption and the constant threat of militia attacks?
What happens when the unreasonable objections of rampant political correctness threaten to stifle their best ideas and creative content?
Foreign bankers are plentiful competition and greed is rampant and regulation is lax.
In environments where disease is rampant and the child-mortality rate is high, women prefer masculine men.
But in nearby kenya and tanzania, where female genital mutilation is illegal, the practice is still rampant because people are not sensitized to the health consequences of circumcision and laws are not enforced, said godfrey odongo, an amnesty international uganda researcher.
This embarrassed china, which knows that a rampant north korea will only encourage japan, south korea and others to cuddle up more closely to america.
Thanks to yemen's enfeebled central governance, rugged terrain and rampant poverty, they have been able to thrive.
Peru's technocrats fear a keiko fujimori presidency would repeat the sins of the father undermining the country's democratic institutions and fostering rampant corruption.
Peter gumbel, a british journalist and academic who has studied the french educational system, says such books sat happily with the idea that rampant economic liberalism was responsible for france's weakness in the run-up to the second world war.
Mr wen was a top government aide in 1989 and has repeatedly warned in recent months that soaring prices, combined with rampant official corruption, pose the greatest threat to communist party rule.
Pettis believes china is experiencing a major mis-allocation of capital to a range of massive projects, which have the net effect of repressing household income and consumption at the expense of the country's rampant export sector.
This happens when the pillars of democracy, namely the rule of law, a fair and effective government and an incorruptible civil service, are absent. As a result, rampant corruption becomes a way of life.
In fact, the survival of communist rule in the face of vietnam's rampant capitalism is partly explained by the vietnamese communist party's nationalist credentials, now that it has governed the country during wars against the french, americans, and chinese.
Plagued by civil war, grinding poverty and rampant piracy, somalia will be the world's worst in 2010.
Fraud has been rampant in the sale of subprime mortgages.
Policies that cause pain now cutting spending, taming welfare, reforming education are the minimum required to keep us competitive against rampant rivals from the south and the east.
In his inaugural speech, mr. xi vowed to fight the rampant corruption he said was fueling public distrust and that could one day bring down the party.
This is partly predicated upon rampant earnings growth.
That led to rampant inflation and triggered monetary tightening.
However, some financial advisers are warning against the rampant speculation the dollar has caused on wall street.
However, the china youth daily reported rampant cheating in songtao wednesday, quoting students who claimed to have cheated.
You know, this kind of rampant prejudice and hatred is gonna someday, quite literally, change this city -
This is why, in western-chinese business dealings, misunderstandings are rampant and co-operation is so challenging.
Hush. The judge. The man's like a rampant dog.
Hush. The judge. the man's like a rampant dog.
Gabon's then-president omar bongo had long used the country's oil wealth to buy social peace, largely by allowing rampant corruption among his allies and co-opting and coercing the opposition.
Publishers and writers worry that the exemption as written is so broad that it could lead to rampant photocopying of textbooks and novels without compensation.
That this happened on the same night, in the same christie's auction, could mean one of two things: rampant speculation portending the end of a bubble as everyone scrambles to sell, or just plain rampant speculation.
But many republicans genuinely equate fed bond-buying with reckless government activism leading to rampant inflation.
But my main point is that we do not live alone in this contracting globe unless the belief in belonging to the human race is most important now, with bomb tensions, rabid nationalism, and rampant suspicion.
But my main point is that we do not live alone in this contracting globe unless the belief in belonging to the human race is most important now, with bomb tensions, rabid nationalism, and rampant suspicion.
Pyongyang also says it is battling rampant foot-and-mouth disease.
Whatever it is, it's running rampant in the left side of her brain.
This reflects structural factors, such as prolonged underinvestment in agricultural technology, rampant demand growth in emerging markets, environmental degradation, the growing reliance on bio-fuels, and, possibly, the rising influence of financial markets, including exchange rate movements.
Given a perfect storm of rampant unemployment, zero growth and soaring debt yields this time around, a victory for the opposition was assured.
Given the rampant embezzlement by employees in u.s. retail, the article makes analysis on the case rate of different formats and attaches the importance of cash management relying on groups.
Go ahead. Permissiveness runs rampant here on golden pond.
Go ahead. Permissiveness runs rampant here on golden pond.
This trapped pool of capital allows the government to transfer wealth from the people to their own coffers through excessive taxation or rampant inflation...... both of which soon follow.
This week two days ago, the global stock market crash general collapse; then two days, the global stock market and rampant inflation.
And at the time, that was rampant at apple.
And at the time, that was rampant at apple.
And at this moment, rampant temporarily "sars" under the effort in people unity is strength, also lost the ability of aggression gradually.
I think this particular example illustrates the moral degeneracy that has come about from rampant consumerism.
Income may not be the most important contributor to how happy most people are, and there are good reasons--psychological and moral--to decry rampant materialism.
When evil runs rampant on the earth,
Indiscriminate sex, and rampant underage alcohol abuse.
Indonesia's neighbours feared the worst: anarchy within indonesia; a surge in islamist extremism; an exodus of desperate boat-people; rampant piracy in some of the world's busiest shipping lanes.
New loan quotas have been pegged flat at last year's rates, putting a cap on rampant loan-book expansion.
New privacy regulations and rampant cybercrime are pushing firms to tighten control of company pcs and smartphones.
Inflation is rampant and industry in decline.
Informal lending is rampant in china.
Newspaper stressed that it is because the russian leadership luocaoweikou policy ineffective: the local unemployment and rampant corruption.
And despite the party's efforts in recent years to tighten the rules concerning the use ofshuanggui, it remains a shadowy procedure that, like so much of china's legal system, is subject to rampant abuse.
Renault and michelin head for their home ground at magny-cours this weekend hoping that normal business will be resumed after ferrari's rampant domination of the united states grand prix.
But then, so can the old trafford crowd when called upon by sir alex, but especially when they need to score a goal, are rampant in attack or are playing their main adversaries, especially arsenal, chelsea, liverpool or city.
Though the region suffers from rampant piracy, it mainly affects international shipping rather than locals.
Though the victims are usually released without harm, the practice speaks of the lawlessness that is rampant throughout the region.
Repetitive stress disorders and knife cuts are rampant in meat plants.
Intellectual property theft and counterfeit products are rampant inchina.
Through analysis of this historic event, this essay reveals the historic trace and historic and legal reasons why literary inquisition was rampant and dispeared.
Tick off any checklist of u. s.national security concerns and pakistan has them all: nuclear weapons terrorist and insurgent groups galore and rampant anti-american sentiment.
Right now, no public utility anywhere prices water based on how scarce it is or how much it costs to deliver, and that, privatization proponents argue, is the root cause of such rampant overuse.
No longer will the nba suffer from the rampant diving and play-acting that bedevils professional football, according to the policy's supporters.
Rob and teddy were called the 'lion and the lamb'; for the latter was as rampant as the king of beasts, and the former as gentle as any sheep that ever baaed.
Rumours can run especially rampant in china because, even as citizens now have more social space in which to live, the country lacks sufficiently reliable institutions, such as an independent press and judiciary, to play the role of referee.
Rumours can run especially rampant in china because, even as citizens now have more social space in which to live, the country lacks sufficiently reliable institutions, such as an independent press and judiciary, to play the role of referee.
Running rampant in our town, fine.
Running rampant in there.
Running rampant in there.
Runs rampant downtown.
But why should I complain? Just leaves more rampant Totty for us real men.
Is running rampant right here in our very own meat - packing district.
The - the baseball, the freedom, the rampant morbid obesity!
But you dealers are running rampant so Busan's become too fucked up.
Scholars, both chinese and western, say that fraud remains rampant and misconduct ranges from falsified data to fibs about degrees, cheating on tests and extensive plagiarism.
Schools in india suffer from rampant teacher absenteeism and high drop-out rates.
The apartment's flag is a gold lion rampant on a field of azure.
The authorities have been particularly keen to wipe out the rampant misselling of structured products, which many clients complained about in the lead up to the 2008 crisis.
It advises clients that the way to make money on rampant u.s. fiscal stupidity is to bet against the swooning dollar--not on a massive selloff in government bonds, a la gross 'pimco total return fund.
The birth and development of the northern anhui folk beliefs are directly associated with frequent natural disasters, continuous wars and rampant bandits and has such positive functions as moralization, spiritual maintenance, and social integration.
Whether it's food safety or rampant counterfeiting, those who want to cheat or cut corners will usually find a way around any restrictions, because enforcement resources are so woefully inadequate.
The bond market is small, especially for retail investors, and the stockmarket is suspect, thanks to shaky auditing and rampant insider trading.
The case was one of two the us lodged against china at the wto in april 2007 aimed at stopping what it said was rampant piracy of audiovisual products.
The chief causes: credit tightening because of inflation ( now at 7%) and government efforts to cool off the real estate market after years of rampant speculation on hyped-up luxury properties.
The chinese government is struggling to cope with the rapidly rising mountains of trash generated as the world's most populated country has raced from poverty to rampant consumerism.
The coincidence of demographic change, rampant corruption, political repression and stifled economic opportunity in the arab world was a fuse waiting for a match.
It is about a stagnant economy, rampant corruption, growing frustration among the middle classes and a war in the north caucasus.
It is about a stagnant economy, rampant corruption, growing frustration among the middle classes and a war in the north caucasus.
It is about a stagnant economy, rampant corruption, growing frustration among the middle classes and a war in the north caucasus.
While homophobia is not a rampant problem in jordan, according to abdul-azeem, a gay man from amman, he has not found enough openness to start a relationship with a man.
While polls show that rampant crime is the public's biggest concern, inflation and the country's economic problems rank high, said oscar schemel, a caracas-based pollster.
While rampant gdp growth does not necessarily translate into great investment returns, china's stock market has boomed along with its economy.
While some angry bloggers have accused ma of rampant greed, the shenzhen government has also come under fire.
While the long-te123 problem of global wa123 ing is indeed serious, its significance diminishes somewhat when considering immediate problems such as rapid environmental deterioration and the rampant misuse and abuse of nonrenewable resources.
While the long-term problem of global warming is indeed serious, its significance diminishes somewhat when considering iediate problems such as rapid environmental deterioration and the rampant misuse and abuse of nonrenewable resources.
While the long-term problem of global warming is indeed serious, its significance diminishes somewhat when considering immediate problems such as rapid environmental deterioration and the rampant misuse and abuse of nonrenewable resources.
While the long-term problem of global warming is indeed serious, its significance diminishes somewhat when considering immediate problems such as rapid environmental deterioration and the rampant misuse and amci motor coache of nonrenewable resources.
While the long-term problem of global warming is indeed very serious, its significance diminishes somewhat when considering immediate problems such as rapid environmental deterioration and the rampant misuse and abuse of nonrenewable resources.
While the long-term problem ofglobal warming is indeed serious, its significance diminishes somewhat when considering immediate problems such asrapid environmental deterioration and the rampant misuse and abuse of nonrenewable resources.
The country is an economic basket case with chronic unemployment and rampant crime.
Today, convinced that fraud is rampant in china, he is betting against such stocks.
Nobody can deny that china's black market was rampant until recently.
It is still a huge leap, however, to go from a little light rioting and some international trade tensions to the rampant nationalism and war of the 1930s.
She alleged that there was rampant drug use among the male members of the group.
The demonstrators say they are upset over rampant corruption, nepotism and rising prices.
Who will conquer china's rampant retail market?
The dispute came amid complaints beijing is failing to stamp out rampant unlicensed chinese copying of goods ranging from music and hollywood movies to designer clothing and pharmaceuticals.
The downward price pressure from cheap chinese goods may be abating while the developing world's rampant demand for resources may continually drive commodity prices higher.
The government evidently suspected that banks were using such maneuvers to evade rules put in place this year to rein in rampant lending and excess credit.
The government had said tighter regulation were needed due to rampant barking, unscooped waste, and the growing risk of dog attacks, which affect the city's environment and sanitation.
Tourists, residents and club owners complain of rampant crime in la mariscal, quito's nightlife district where some bouncers are now russian and many of the customers african and south asian.
He didn't have to go running rampant across the city.
Not only has the participatory net led to a surge of sites, aggregators, and blogs espousing different ideologies or values, but rampant competition among them to be your most trusted source in news.
The icac is a unique law-enforcement agency. It was set up in the 1970s as an independent body to tackle what was then rampant corruption among hong kong's police force.
I don't know. You're the one with the rampant sexual appetite.
The illegal seizure by local party officials of valuable farmland at the edge of burgeoning cities is a rampant and growing abuse.
The kremlin has found itself unable to stop rampant violence in ingushetia, chechnya and dagestan to the east.
Cheating in school is rampant and getting worse.
The latest move from the japanese regulator comes amid complaints from some investors of rampant short selling by funds with access to inside information before a new share issue has been announced.
It would also fuel the already rampant discussions about the inevitable death of fiat money.
China has a weak rule of law, and has struggled to contain rampant corruption and accounting fraud.
China is struggling to reform a sclerotic public health system afflicted by spiralling costs, over-prescription of drugs, serious shortages of competent well-trained professionals and rampant corruption, writes patti waldmeir in shanghai and jamil anderlini in beijing.
China this month launched its most serious crackdown on insider trading in years with a public pronouncement from the cabinet that described the situation as "grim" and vowed to rein in rampant market manipulation and insider dealing.
He had written articles saying that the government would use the games as a lavish celebration to mask rampant rights abuses and corruption.
China's government bond futures market collapsed in 1995, just two years after it started, as a lack of regulatory oversight led to rampant market manipulation.
China's special cultural and historical tax environment, low-grade tax legislation, imperfect tax system and backward means of tax collection and administration are the main causes of rampant tax-related crimes.
He has been criticized for being anti-science, and this is understandable, since the martian chronicles can be interpreted as a warning against rampant colonization.
Now people in tibet are highly conscious of the importance of protecting wild animals, and the once rampant hunting of tibetan antelopes has been brought under control.
Citing the difficulty they faced winning cases in local courts and rampant intellectual property abuse.
Co-ordination is also vital for reducing financial volatility, runs on currencies and rampant inflation as well as for instilling confidence on the part of consumers and investors.
Wild elephant goes rampant in parsa.
The mystical trend of our time, which shows itself particularly in the rampant growth of the so-called theosophy and spiritualism, is for me no more than a symptom of weakness and confusion.
Will the world economic order overcome these stresses or give way to a global free-for-all, characterized by rampant protectionism, nationalistic subsidies and preferences?
The new government pressure seems to be part of a sweeping effort aimed at addressing some of the ugly consequences of china's dynamic economic growth, like rampant pollution, a growing income gap and widespread labor abuse.
Underemployment among them, especially among haredi men and arab women, was rampant and rising.
Your solution to rampant crime is just to let criminals go free?
Your solution to rampant crime is just to let criminals go free?
Unlike conventional superheroes such as superman, who stood for justice, fairness and decency, the modern macho superheroes portray a negative masculinity, characterised by mindless aggression and rampant sexism.
With anti-Americanism rampant all over the globe...
He makes much of the rampant prejudice that italian-americans like pecora faced at the time, and of the contribution of pecora's hearings to the new deal's financial laws.
With cambodian voters protesting this week's national election results--the most controlled and corroded in the country's history--the nation's leaders cannot evade the rampant scandals, economic hardship, and systemic corruption the campaign thrust into the spotlight.
With fires burning and rampant looting in a number of areas,
With fires burning and rampant looting in a number of areas,
With rampant factory closures, shenyang's unemployment rate hit 16 percent or higher.
Venezuelans face rampant inflation and shortages ( cooking oil is the latest rarity).
Venezuelans face rampant inflation and shortages ( cooking oil is the latest rarity).
With success has also come criticism about the rampant commercialism of the games.
Copy errors are so rampant that e-books are the first category of book in human history that could actually be returned as defective.
The paper raised fears expressed by some construction industry insiders in china that many buildings designed to have a 70-year lifespan "would not stand firm beyond 30 to 40 years" because of corner-cutting during china's rampant construction boom.
And with the outcome of the clone wars a foregone conclusion and his character's triumph inevitable, abercrombie can let his dark side run rampant and have a field day, indeed.
It's running rampant in the left side of her brain.
And yet, broken forms, buttons that look nothing like buttons, confusing navigation elements and more are rampant on the web.
With the rampant expansion of activities of frogman invasion, sonar for detecting frogman has attracted great attention, and thus systems for ensuring underwater security are suggested.
Crime will run rampant and the government will cease to function.
Crooked officials may be as old as russian literature, but he sees today's rampant corruption as a specifically post-soviet illness.
The problem of rampant growth and mutation has two answers. One is a willingness on the part of regulators to raise red flags.
The problem of rampant growth and mutation has two answers.
The problem of rampant growth and mutation has two answers.
The proliferation of the fake stores underlines the slow progress that china's government is making in countering a culture of rampant piracy and widespread production of bogus goods that is a major irritant in relations with trading partners.
Worldwide, films get about half their revenues from dvd sales, a market which in mexico is eaten away by rampant piracy.
Its failure to do so, mainly because it fears upsetting its iraqi kurdish allies, is the biggest cause of rampant anti-american feeling in turkey, which has been strengthening for some time ( see chart).
The public at how rampant police brutality is.
Its poor quality is blamed for the low skills, rampant youth unemployment and the sluggish progress of racial transformation in the workplace, with the legacy of the apartheid-era bantu education programme ( racial segregation within educational institutions) still casting a cloud over the country.
And, though he deplores the rampant rise in inequality, he hasn't entirely lost hope that the coalition government might reverse it.
The rampant pests groups from garden woods in western cities, heilongjiang province: eating leaves of elm: 19 groups, eating leaves of poplar: 20 groups, eating leaves of fruit trees: 16 groups, eating frunks of poplar and willow: 9 groups.
The rampant spread of bourgeois liberalization may have grave consequences.
The rampant violations at sturdy products, including excessive overtime, arbitrary wages, unfair punitive fines, child labour and negligence of occupational health, prove that the pledges are empty statements.
The remarkable thing is that the markets continued working at the same time you had buildings shaking and rampant rumors of radiation.
He stressed the need to crack down on rampant corruption and bribe-taking within the party and government and to improve social services and environmental protection.
The right sees government as a terribly inefficient mechanism for allocating resources, subject to special-interest politics at best and rampant corruption at worst.
Of course, the rampant nostalgia might also be related to the fact that that old sewing basket or spice rack in the attic might return a handsome profit on the antiques roadshow or at a local collectibles shop.
Of course, we also have rampant poverty and periodic outbreaks of cholera,
Of course, we also have rampant poverty and periodic outbreaks of cholera,
Jianghuai region situated at middle and lower reaches of the yangtze river was an active region of private salt in the late qing dynasty and in particular, salt ambitious persons were abnormal rampant smuggling.
The rulers of spain and portugal didn't quite appreciate the limits of this system, however, which led them to plunder their new world colonies and accumulate vast hoards of precious metals, which in turn triggered periods of rampant inflation and enormous tumult in the european economy.
Another device that party leaders have beendeploying as a way to tame the powerful forces that modernization has unleashed--lack of morals and identity, rampant materialism--is confucianism.
The security policy browses the scope extremely broadly, content also extremely rich, this article main analyzes important strategy should be rampant to the hacker, and virus in flood. Including the data encryption strategy as well as the backup and the disaster restore strategy.
The show featured souza in a studio, railing against rampant crime, punctuated with often exclusive footage of arrests, crime scenes and drug seizures.
Any large-scale mining projects in afghanistan are facing major obstacles, in particular, to invest billions of dollars to build railway to pass through the rampant insurgency and terrain of the region to achieve iron ore sinotrans.
Decay is rampant and unavoidable.
Smith was familiar with rampant speculation, or "overtrading" as he politely called it.
Deep-seated mistrust and anxiety are certainly rampant in the workplace.
Demand for workers is now so rampant that factories complain of shortages.
Demand is slumping across the globe as firms and consumers are battered by a pernicious, self-reinforcing bombardment of dysfunctional financial markets, falling wealth, higher unemployment and rampant fear.
Water waste in india is rampant partly because there is no regulation of water extraction.
Despite a stronger volume outlook, rampant overcapacity will continue to weigh on industry profitability.
Despite rampant speculation-that hoover was gay, a cross-dresser or had no sex life-the truth about his sex life is nearly impossible to pin down.
Despite the gradual liberalization of attitudes towards pre-marital sex in china, as well as rampant prostitution and internet pornography a woman's virginity is still highly valued by many men here, especially in rural areas.
At a time when chinese leaders fret about rampant capitalism and a parallel "collapse in values", they prefer any spiritual vacuum to be filled by a quasi-state religion framed around confucius rather than a potentially dangerous import.
At first, there was widespread scepticism that anyone would pay for music downloads, given rampant piracy of music on the internet.
At the end of it all, a truth and reconciliation commission appointed by the government decided that one of the war's main causes had been the rampant corruption that had infested every level of government in the preceding decades.
Last year it overheated. The government earned some plaudits for calming rampant inflation, which reached a year-on-year peak of 28% in august.
Last year microsoft chief executive steve ballmer said that piracy was so rampant in china that it was hampering the company's chances to extend its business.
At the same time, serious problems remain: corruption; lack of basic security in certain areas; continued taliban attacks, including insider infiltrations; havens ( if not active support) for extremist fighters in pakistan; ineffective government institutions; and a rampant opium economy that fuels the insurgency.
With unrestrained lunatics.
The unrestrained ambitions of brilliant engineers.
Learn the campus li of unrestrained daughter college student enthusiastically.
So they will often tell you, you take salary less, you enjoy the welfare sent, and "paid feeling express" and "praise bold and unrestrained souls".
The unsuppressed soul invites unrestrained bleeding.
A revel involving unrestrained indulgence, especially sexual activity.
Limitless greed, unrestrained corporate power and a ferocious addiction to foreign oil have led us to an era of perpetual war and economic decline.
Limitless greed, unrestrained corporate power and a ferocious addiction to foreign oil have led us to an era of perpetual war and economic decline.
There are always those who say that politics is more negative than ever and that contemporary political consultants are more cynical and unrestrained than their predecessors.
There was unrestrained joy on the faces of the people.
Here, instead of linear narrative, there is unrestrained and exuberant storytelling that skips back and forth in time and blends together past and present. Someone who may have died long ago can intervene without any fuss in a conversation between two people who are very much alive.
After I became a deputy governor, just like kittens locked in rodeo, the unrestrained freedom of travel.
Beijing, oct. 11-china's communist party, devoted in recent years to expanding the economy at any cost, on wednesday endorsed a new doctrine that puts more emphasis on tackling the severe side effects of unrestrained growth.
Being led by a single person who is hard to challenge is a recipe for a financial institution slipping into unrestrained risk-taking.
One is strict pay attention to, meticulous gentleman; and those who dare to reveal themselves, unrestrained uninhibited in takeo.
After the sexual love with one individual enthusiastic and bold and unrestrained course, nervous body can get relaxation, the feeling of be agitated is able to release, can enter dreamland very quickly.
One of the most important reasons for its success lies in the writer's imagination and unrestrained style.
Steavens had never heard anything in the least like it; it was injured emotional dramatic abuse unique and masterly in its excruciating cruelty as violent and unrestrained as had been her grief of twenty minutes before.
If they prefer to defend individually the principle of tax sovereignty, they will see the continuing de facto evaporation of their nominal sovereignty through unrestrained tax competition.
Bright-coloured fireworks bold and unrestrained design.
Expressive and unrestrained carnival metal music day.
His campaign has been unrestrained and often vulgar.
Meanwhile, unrestrained mining exploration has seen thousands forcibly evicted from their land in the north, and has damaged six of the country's 23 protected wildlife areas.
Meanwhile, unrestrained mining exploration has seen thousands forcibly evicted from their land in the north, and has damaged six of the country's 23 protected wildlife areas.
His speech earned him unrestrained criticism from the opposition parties.
History shows the dangers that follow when religion has unrestrained power.
Outdoors expressive and unrestrained mm is attractive really, dim demonstrating not in the least.
Fisherman is leisurely, unrestrained by customs and rites, proud and aloof. These meanings are the very important carriers for the expression of their hermit affection.
Mix the unrestrained ambition of a teenager, the calculating skills of an accounting student and the goodness of granny's age-old recipes and you've got the key components of winner fraser doherty's flagship product, superjam.
Parents often have the habit of eating snacks, children will be under the influence of prolonged exposure in parents, and then to indulge in unrestrained eating snacks, can be desired but the child's stomach has been filled with snacks to, meals kids will loss of appetite, it?
Pattaya beach is world renowned for the variety and unrestrained hedonism of its nightlife, though city leaders have in recent years made an effort to confine the commercial sex industry to an area of south pattaya beach.
Mr darcy was eyeing him with unrestrained wonder.
But liberty and freedom are not strictly synonymous, because there are some unrestrained freedoms ( for example, from individual responsibility, from obligations and duties, and licentiousness) that erode liberty by damaging the social framework needed to protect it.
My newfound, unrestrained masculinity.
My newfound, unrestrained masculinity.
In the historical process of chinese modern poetry, witman's democratic ideas, free verse, heroic spirit and unrestrained and overflowing passions have played an active role of stimulation through the open muse's space.
Recently, people associated with illegal organizations have been especially active. They have seized on all kinds of pretexts to make unrestrained anti-party and anti-socialist statements.
This was my favourite novel, because it figured a unconventional and unrestrained swordsman.
Indeed these unrestrained damsels appear to revel in freedom of every kind.
Inspirations included wikipedia, the web encyclopedia written by volunteers, and the leak of the pentagon papers by daniel ellsberg to the new york times during the vietnam war, which ultimately led to a supreme court ruling that "only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government."
Republicans agree that it will concentrate minds, but in a different way. If iraqis know the americans are going, this will give them an extra incentive to stockpile arms and purge their neighbourhoods of sunnis ( or shias), in preparation for an unrestrained civil war once the americans are gone.
When one mentions henry miller, one immediately thinks of the rebellion of the philosophy of unrestrained sensuality against a culture which denies sexual pleasure.
But they have also been a conduit for unusual debate about the dangers of unrestrained nationalism.
Seascape of a gleam of of unrestrained and far-ranging goes vacationing apartment is 3 inferior bay way is only village of apartment of high level of a board type, have 100 meters space only to the seaside.
The bank for international settlements has long warned of the dangers of unrestrained credit growth and asset price inflation.
Can be life, to have the number of girls, so natural and unrestrained as I do?
Shape unrestrained horse carriage decorated, tourists ride on it, both as kazuma mercedes-benz in the vast grassland and butter, to medieval europe's old streets, scenes, endless source of fascination, fun.
Shape unrestrained horse carriage decorated, tourists ride on it, both as kazuma mercedes-benz in the vast grassland and butter, to medieval europe's old streets, scenes, endless source of fascination, fun.
The globalisation of unrestrained free market, rapacious capitalism by this economic institutional structure has produced inequality and insecurity in the west, desperate poverty in the developing world and a sequence of brutal wars causing immense human suffering.
And the great achievement of the foundation of prc is based on his tremendous, bold and unrestrained daring.
Novels in ming dynasty with taoist material had more meticulous description with taoist chanting and taoist unconventional and unrestrained behavior.
Now he was unrestrained and reckless.
He is vigorous and unrestrained in behaviour.
The positive image of healing toy constructed from four principal components: affable, innovative and outstanding, unrestrained and natural.
Jews in medieval italy, unrestrained by the catholic ban on usury, advanced money at high interest rates to grain farmers to secure an option on their crops and then shipped the grain.
The seemingly cute girl claps out the so unrestrained photograph unexpectedly.
Last week, the beijing news published an unprecedented four-page review of the problems of unrestrained state-owned enterprises, including a provincial state grid office that handed 300 company cars to its senior cadres and built a luxury compound to house them all.
Always been a stubborn bastard. Now you've finally found a place where the watchdogs can't touch you.
Malcontents, complainers, stubborn as mules in the morning.
He was a stubborn swordsman.
He was a very stubborn man.
He was as stubborn a Mick as ever stumbled out of the northeast parishes
Leave them. Yellow's fine, you stubborn mule!
Leave them. Yellow's fine, you stubborn mule!
A case report of stubborn ascites after partial splenic embolization treated by splenectomy.
I'm too hardheaded and stubborn to be easy.
The stubborn belief that the values that we hold dear are constant and unchanging..
The stubborn child needs a paddling!
The stubborn citadel still standing tall and monuments honoring a hard - earned freedom.
The stubborn citadel still standing tall and monuments honoring a hard - earned freedom.
The stubborn delusions of the political elite provide the second reason.
The stubborn strategist strived to achieve striking result over a stretch of two days.
The stubborn woes of today's government job market have been largely due to falling tax revenues while spending on unemployment and medicaid has surged.
A kernel released through stubborn feeble grasp.
Did not dash about excitingly too have no stubborn stagnation!
He was stubborn with a sharp wit, strong opinions, and a strong moral character, which meant that he didn't let things go when he thought people were behaving badly or unjustly.
The surge in spending and lending succeeded in rescuing china's economy from the crisis. But it left an awkward legacy of stubborn inflation, messy local-government finances and skewed investment.
He won his way through the company's stubborn conservatism and reorganized the sales department.
He's a different person than I am. I'm as stubborn as a mule, so it cuts both ways.
He's a drifter, independent, withdrawn, stubborn and cold.
I've dealt with stubborn bitches before.
I've dealt with stubborn bitches before.
He's a pretty stubborn man, so you might have to get physical.
He's a stubborn bastard. He said he's got to look after his mum.
He's a stubborn man.
He's a stubborn old bastard.
He's a stubborn one, but he works harder than a mule.
He's a stubborn wee bugger.
A modest, upright, uncompromising, and stubborn man, ernest ansermet hated celebrity.
Let's see how stubborn she is after American civilians start dying.
Let's see how stubborn she is after American civilians
He's as stubborn as an ox.
He's been lookin' for the same man for almost 5 years. Very stubborn fella.
He's even more stubborn now.
The vague tax proposal had initially been interpreted as a last resort in tackling the country's stubborn property bubble, but more and more investors have started to believe beijing is considering the new tax to compensate for dwindling supplies of land it can sell off to developers.
We'd rather stay stubborn and lost.
So why don't you stop being so stubborn and make up already?
Be stubborn but times are changing.
He's kinda like a stubborn old bull...
I just want to say to you, I'm the stubborn one who still unwilling to give up.
He's more stubborn than I thought.
Their beaks can dig out the most stubborn parasites.
Oh. You are a stubborn bitch.
Because I knew you were too stubborn to get past it.
Because I knew you were too stubborn to get past it.
He's proven to be quite stubborn throughout his interrogation.
He's so stubborn and proud.
He's stubborn already... And sensitive.
He's stubborn as a mule!
He's the most stubborn man I've ever met.
He's the most stubborn man I've met. If I told him we were near brennidon,
Their rabidly nonformist deportment has made them legendary; the old stubborn nonconformist spirit of the early settlers.
He's too stubborn to quit.
Because I see a stubborn man standing with his back turned...
So, if a stubborn politician sticks to the policy of president regan and insists to carry it out, he will possibly bring serious disaster to the society.
He's very stubborn not to take his medications.
Because I was a stubborn sob.
Because I was a stubborn sob.
Like me daughter is a stubborn temper, the more you push her, the more likely she was not suited.
Helen: I hope they succeed, but I know how stubborn he can be.
I know Arthur's stubborn and pig  headed and annoying,
I know Arthur's stubborn and pig headed
We're doing our best but they're so stubborn
A strong stubborn streak has helped her succeed.
A stubborn bigot, and my father's a stubborn Cuban.
A stubborn bigot, and my father's a stubborn Cuban.
A stubborn man. You have no idea how stubborn.
I know him well. He's a stubborn man.
I know how to deal with stubborn children.
Okay, my two stubborn burros. I'm going out.
Okay, my two stubborn burros.
Because extreme, then because of the concept of the difference and insisted don't want to change, this is of general significance stubborn also in reason; smart!
I know mom can be very stubborn sometimes -
Because he's judgmental and stubborn and he doesn't understand me.
Because he's quite a stubborn young man when he sets his mind to it.
Because he's the most stubborn man I've ever met.
Because his stubborn determination...
Sodium nitroprusside and dopamine in treatment of stubborn heart failure.
A version of the stubborn myth of self-determination has surfaced again in politics.
Listen to me you stubborn sonuvabitch, we're trying to help you.
Listen, I know I can be a stubborn old mule,
Doctor, please explain the rules to stubborn little Caitlin?
Doctor, please explain the rules to stubborn little caitlin?
Because of its stubborn success against the English through all those years,
Because of its stubborn success against the English through all those years,
Some of europe's most stubborn structural problems involve the misallocation of public spending.
Some of europe's most stubborn structural problems involve the misallocation of public spending.
Some of them still behave stubborn and even use his knowledge to authenticate the fact. The result was the same as my explanation.
I know where there's a ferry crossing , or you can stubborn yourself to death,
I know where there's a ferry crossing a or you can stubborn yourself to death
I know where there's a ferry crossing. Or you can stubborn yourself to death.
I know where there` s a ferry crossin`, or you can stubborn yourself to death.
There they will experience more futility because of, among other things, two stubborn facts-the two most populous nations.
Somebody so deep - to - the - bone stubborn
I know you didn't. You're the most stubborn man I ever met.
I know you didn't. You're the most stubborn man I ever met.
Above ground, friction is a steady, stubborn force that opposes motion.
I know you're a stubborn man, but so am l.
I know you're stubborn about these things...
Because you can't get your stubborn head out of your ass.
Because you were too stubborn to admit.
Sometimes he is more stubborn than a child and then...
Sometimes he is more stubborn than a child and then...
On the other hand, we should demonstrate to the japanese soldiers the indomitable spirit and the heroic, stubborn fighting capacity of the chinese army and the chinese people, that is, we should deal them blows in battles of annihilation.
Sometimes she could, be so stubborn and infatuate.
Sometimes stubborn is the same as stupid.
Sometimes stubborn is the same as stupid.
You  are as stubborn as an ox.
Because you're too stubborn to feel it!
Sometimes, the only way to finish something is to simply get stubborn and keep at it until it's done.
Sometimes, we also need to inject the spirit of the wolf, such as "courage, wisdom, stubborn b strong, patient, never satisfied, never yield, and contempt for the harsh harsh environment."
Son of mrs frank lampard evaluation itself: he inherited from his father the stubborn tenacity in his bones temper.
Earthbound spirits that are very stubborn
Earthbound spirits that are very stubborn
You always were as stubborn as a donkey with a nail in his head.
You always were as stubborn
I like that you're stubborn and competitive.
I like this stubborn self-will, have no like this the righteousness look back upon past.
You are a most stubborn man, Mr. Adams.
You are a stubborn man.
You are a stubborn one, aren't you?
You are as stubborn as a donkey!
You are as stubborn as each other. I didn't do anything!
You are being completely stubborn and selfish!
Behind this stubborn girl, is a cute little girl...
Well, because. He never knew about it, and she was too stubborn to ask.
You are so stubborn
You are so stubborn and hard - headed. - well, l guess that proves it.
You are so stubborn and hard - headed. Well, I guess that proves it.
You are so stubborn and hard headed...
After countless american warnings of their imminent departure, all met with stubborn iraqi insistence that the "occupiers" would never leave, the penny has suddenly dropped.
Being stubborn is the key to everything.
Belly fat is not particularly cute on anyone ( except maybe babies), so it's exciting news that whole grains can do a number on that stubborn flab around your midsection.
You are undoubtedly the most stubborn man I have ever met.
After tannins heard, but to dare not to believe she did not take temperament stubborn money in and reese born left after a letter would separate farewell.
Therefore was I created with the stubborn outside,
Staggered figure strode unconscious square, people around back and forth, those who be indulged stubborn youth I as in the past, stubborn, but couldn't find a foothold in the holy land, let the weary soul sleep quietly.
Well, he beat her up pretty good, but she's a stubborn one.
These stubborn and skilful rear guard actions checked the impetuous german advance at all points, inflicting severe losses.
If the snake wont eat a mouse try offering a rat. If a rat doesn't work gerbils seem to entice many stubborn feeders.
Ah, he's a stubborn old mule, but he'll outlive all of us.
Boltzmann wasn't just forced to defend something that would be accepted as fact within a few years, he was shamed for his stubborn refusal to yield and for his so-called materialist beliefs.
Ah, they are a stubborn lot.
Even though you were being a stubborn idiot -
Every bit the bull-headed stubborn viking you ever were.
Only in may, the month when even the most stubborn ice on the river's surface shows signs of breaking up, does sophia mikhailovna decide to put an end to this.
Only the stubborn man of Champaran.
Only the stubborn man of champaran.
You can't be stubborn about this.
Markal who knows what plots he may hatch, stubborn and vengeful as he is? Alive, he cannot be trusted.
Every summer, the scorching sun head, stubborn mother is the next stop in the scorching sun for several hours.
Stop being so stubborn and go inside
Stop being so stubborn stop it, you wench!
Stop being stubborn and go see chief Chang - Kang.
If we have the most stubborn donkey in the world.
If you are stubborn or hot-tempered, you might claim that's just a family trait.
Hey, your father is the toughest, most stubborn mammoth I've ever met.
Well, my wife is a very stubborn woman, yes.
All because he is so stubborn about having a first - world hospital.
All because you were too stubborn
Or is it his corpse, too stubborn to fall to grass?
Or is it his corpse, too stubborn to fall to grass?
Or is this just a case of pig - stubborn pride?
Brother's stubborn
Well, she is weak. But she's stubborn as ever.
They hosed the black bear with water, threw things at it and yelled, but the stubborn animal refused to move from its perch in a tree above a quiet neighborhood in boulder, colorado.
Exercise with top exercise tv trainer cindy whitmarsh as she shows you how to lose that stubborn stomach fat.
Experience has shown that it is not hard for landlords, especially big landlords, to accept demands for reduced rent and interest rates. What they value most is their political position as a ruling class, so whenever this is challenged, they will put up stubborn resistance.
Maybe I'm a bit stubborn and sentimental
If you have any stubborn stains, repeat the process until your pot is clean.
High attrition rates among women with young children is a particularly stubborn problem at elite firms that demand around the clock availability on high-stakes litigation and mergers and acquisitions work.
Students of europe's stubborn unemployment in the 1980s call this "sclerosis", an accumulation of scar tissue that makes the market more rigid.
They melt away stubborn fat deposits that resist exercise while subduing appetite, elevating mood and alleviating stress.
I mean, and I was - I was too stupid or too stubborn
Such a curious bias is as old as the nation itself and a new study in the journal of personality and social psychology illustrates just how stubborn it is-and suggests just what may be behind it.
Well, uh, for starters, she's got a real stubborn heart.
You enormously stubborn pain in the ass.
All right and all right you are too stubborn
All right man, you're stubborn
All right man, you're stubborn
Other times there's apparently nothing blocking the memory's retrieval other than your mind's stubborn refusal.
If you think I'm not every bit as stubborn as you.
His face was set in an expression of stubborn determination.
But I am a stubborn child, like a bit.
Sure is a stubborn son of a bitch.
His lungs contract fighting for air. Incredible how stubborn
Surely the whole house of israel is stubborn and obstinate.
Farmers, like all good americans, are stubborn and litigious.
But I just managed to get our most stubborn salesman
Well, your father's a stborn bigot, and my father's a stubborn Cuban.
If you weren't such a stubborn bastard,
Our efforts were immeasurably helped by the croatian and bosnian military gains on the ground, and the brave and stubborn refusal of izetbegovic and his comrades to give up in the face of bosnian serb aggression.
If you're going to be stubborn
Were you so stubborn when you were young?
Western economies will grow, but struggle with large deficits, heavy public debts and stubborn unemployment.
You have a stubborn heart.
You have a stubborn heart.
They would not be like their forefathers-a stubborn and rebellious generation, whose hearts were not loyal to god, whose spirits were not faithful to him.
Mick was stubborn and domineering with a very bad temper.
What a stubborn pest you are!
What a stubborn woman.
If you're stubborn enough to keep going,
If you're stubborn enough to keep going, I'm stupid enough to go with you.
Our stubborn preference for a just price evolved in a setting that is no longer common; but evolution does not respond quickly, which may be why we still shriek with outrage at price hikes.
Ignore him, dad. He's as stubborn as a mule.
Immovable object: a stubborn nut on an old lawnmower or pickup truck refuses to budge.
Implementation with top implementation tv trainer cindy whitmarsh as she shows you how to lose that stubborn stomach stout.
You hear me, you stubborn old man?
All told, it can probably be generally agreed, except by the stubborn rump of conservative republicans who think him wonderful, that bush has been a pretty poor president, and possibly the worst in living memory.
Already many other southern states had illiterate negroes in high public office and legislatures dominated by negroes and carpetbaggers. But georgia, by its stubborn resistance, had so far escaped this final degradation.
In a new media age awash in universally shared information-an age of planet-wide instant messaging and texted manifestos-the democratic people's republic of korea remains a stubborn holdout, a regime almost totally in control of its national narrative.
Mom and dad are too stubborn
For I knew how stubborn you were; the sinews of your neck were iron, your forehead was bronze.
Owe tax, the chronic and stubborn disease that taxation works!
Although susan seemed a tractable young woman, she had a stubborn streak of independence that occasionally led her to defy the powers-that-be when she felt they were in the wrong.
You know how stubborn he can be. I know how stubborn you both can be.
You know how stubborn he is, okay?
You know how stubborn she can get.
You know how stubborn she can get.
You know how stubborn she is. She 'II never change her mind.
Always been a stubborn bastard.
Always will I ramble in one's statement, or silent, I know, I should say goodbye, but I this stubborn girl refuses to accept, they have gone away from me, and more and more far.
Parents who saw their adult children as lost causes or black sheep are fumbling for ways to help them, suddenly realizing that they are disabled, not stubborn or lazy.
Part of that is just me being a stubborn male.
For example, neither government wants to reopen negotiations on nafta, but mexico wants to resolve a stubborn trucking dispute and expand economic integration.
For example, neither government wants to reopen negotiations on nafta, but mexico wants to resolve a stubborn trucking dispute and expand economic integration.
Most borzois are stubborn and can be manipulative.
But he looks domn upon me son, he forgets in my body, where there is flowing the same stubborn blood as his.
For israel is stubborn, like a stubborn heifer; will jehovah now pasture them like a lamb in a spacious place?
Most of these soldiers'll be dead by morning or if they're stubborn by nightfall
Most stubborn most challenging person I have ever met.
Most stubborn person I've ever met,
But he was stubborn
For the past 23 years this small, stubborn figure in his well-worn soutane has been responsible for the cure of souls in the village of thiberville in normandy.
But he's just as stubborn as his father was.
Perhaps the city's challenges are still too daunting: a deeply troubled police department, a stubborn crime problem, laughable infrastructure and a yawning budget hole.
Perhaps the city's challenges are still too daunting: a deeply troubled police department, a stubborn crime problem, laughable infrastructure and a yawning budget hole.
For weeks, songfei stubborn ginger sinus have been exhausted ginger added two kilometers sinus!
An ill-tempered person full of resentmentand stubborn notions.
An ill-tempered person is full of resentment and stubborn notions.
An individuality stubborn widow, after her husband died leads the immature daughter to go out resolutely the independent life, and must move into a haunted house housing.
How do you make it with that kind of sweet, unique, stubborn little chick?
An stubborn person of arbitrary or arrogant opinions.
This communication breakdown was caused by two stubborn wills clashing with each other.
And I also know why he married you: you're as stubborn as he is.
And I also know why he married you: you're as stubborn as he is.
Mr shah finds his final fantasy of making a mark on mumbai being stolen from him by one stubborn old teacher.
Mr shah finds his final fantasy of making a mark on mumbai being stolen from him by one stubborn old teacher.
Mr spitz goes beyond mere history and provides a full, human portrait of julia. This is no hagiography: she could be prickly, stubborn and unsentimental to the point of coldness.
What if we're just too stubborn to see it?
This has been a really stubborn myth.
That dad of yours is too stubborn
That dad of yours is too stubborn
How much influence over its stubborn neighbour can china hope to wield?
Plus you compare stubborn willfulness, relative to other people spoil you, he is just like adding a more powerful people take care of.
Police brutality and unfair adjudication are intrinsic stubborn diseases of the united states.
How stubborn you are!
How would you like to end your daily fight with stubborn stains?
Mrs merkel had hoped that a successful ballot would mark a new beginning for her government; instead the grudging vote exposed the stubborn old problems she has yet to resolve.
But it was happening when she is stubborn and rude?
However, better a stupid prophet than a stubborn prophet,
That makes economists fret: a nation of stick-in-the-muds could face disappointing productivity growth and more stubborn unemployment than it is used to.
I said thousands of words, through the crack under her apartment door, in letters, in cards, pleading with jeanine to understand. But she was stubborn and wouldn't forgive me.
And I was being stubborn
And I was just too stubborn to take it back.
And I was just too stubborn to take it back.
My advice is that you're very stubborn
You know, you're stubborn when you're young,
In periods of speedy progress, it seems, stubborn reactionaries at least enjoy a certain scarcity value.
Princess stubborn maverick personality red hair choose to play dragon monster shy little boy was a low-key, use dark brown hair.
My brother Giuliano has a stubborn mind, but a good heart.
You manipulative, stubborn hag!
In some quarters at least, the intervention is being embraced as a fresh approach to stubborn problems.
You might as well talk to a stone as try to argue with a stubborn woman.
You might call it principle, but what I see before me is stubborn pride!
Gah! You are the most stubborn human being I have ever met!
That stubborn 7-11
That stubborn man always cleaved to his own ideas.
That stubborn man always cleaves to his idea.
That stubborn parny would never forgive me.
This our daughter is stubborn and rebellious,
You old stubborn hog!
In the arabic dialects of iraq and syria, a man who is unreasonably stubborn is said to have the mind of a kurd.
In the corner is scorned by the stubborn corporation.
I swear, you are the most stubborn woman I have ever met.
I swear, you are the most stubborn woman I have ever met.
But ms. merkel threw the cameras out of their meeting room, saying: 'I'm not going to let you cast me as the stubborn old bag,' according to a senior official present.
But my client's a stubborn man - mule stubborn.
You remind me of a stubborn person I've known of.
You remind me of a stubborn person I've known of.
You said I was stubborn
You said I was stubborn for keeping my family on a dying ranch
My mother warned me against stubborn women.
Qassem's stubborn opposition to both arafat and israel and his blunt writings advocating the establishment of a free palestinian state have landed him in jail several times.
But not too stubborn to admit when I'm wrong.
Getting out those stubborn stains.
I am so sick of stubborn men!
But over-hyping the impact of a single programme when the stubborn central problem is slow economic growth does not seem wise.
You see how stubborn she is. If I push too hard, I'm gonna push her away.
But roosevelt was in fact a stubborn fiscal conservative, as the historical record unambiguously demonstrates.
But she `s too stubborn to listen
But she's as stubborn as an ox.
But she's been having trouble listening, and she's been very stubborn lately.
But she's stubborn
You seem to be a stubborn girl.
In the second stage, the enemy will attempt to safeguard the occupied areas and to make them his own by the fraudulent method of setting up puppet governments, while plundering the chinese people to the limit; but again he will be confronted with stubborn guerrilla warfare.
My wife is very stubborn
Naomi might be as stubborn as a mule,
Nathan claycomb, a police officer, joined the mayor in trying to stop the stubborn animal.
But that is not a reason not to help him you know what? You are... You are as stubborn as... As a...
This treatment removes the most stubborn stains.
This treatment removes the most stubborn stains.
Reciprocal outstanding payment and staying higher receivables among enterprises have become a big chronic and stubborn disease in the running of the economy in china, which intensified the financial strain of enterprises and made many enterprises hard to continue their production and operation.
This was his stubborn way of saying "I'm sorry.
I think they are both incredible stubborn
Indeed, there are roughly 850 of these machines, worldwide, with many equipped to tear apart much bigger volumes, and much more stubborn varieties of steel, than toyota's relatively light-weight test vehicles.
India's stubborn home minister, p. chidambaram, is now blocking a cabinet decision to extend the uid's mandate, which is needed for the roll-out to continue.
Nevertheless, people have a panegyric on the eight phenomena. Therefore, the spirit of this world is distorted. It has become a stubborn disease and beyond cure.
I can be a stubborn son of a bitch sometimes.
I can be a stubborn son of a bitch sometimes. Sometimes?
I can be a stubborn son of a bitch sometimes. Sometimes?
I can be a stubborn son of a bitch sometimes.
You stubborn ancient knave, you Reverend braggart.
You stubborn bastard. Stop drinking like a boiled owl and clean out your ears.
You stubborn little monkey man.
You stubborn mule!
You stubborn old man!
You stubborn shit
You stubborn son of a bitch. Who's gonna pay your rent?
You stubborn thing! I'll tell mom! Ten points off for you!
You stubborn thing! I'll tell mom! Ten points off for you!
That you think I should be less stubborn than you are.
Ingredients& effects: the decline of human immune systemis usually resulted from aging or hereditary factors, and it leads to low resistance to external allergic agent, ension of peripheral nerve, skin redness, or even stubborn dilatedcapillaries.
Remember we were stubborn and didn't bet on 3791?
God looked for faith in the people of jerusalem, but he found only stubborn unbelief.
Nezhat makes her child stubborn and determined to excel almost out of spite; ahmad provides emotional support and gives his daughter a love of literature, especially the great works of the persian past.
But there is that one stubborn pink one
When l was young. I was stubborn just like you.
When mixed with household borax ( not the insecticide kind), lemon juice can remove even those stubborn rust stains from the toilet bowl.
Results vary. Some blemishes are stubborn and can take a few weeks.
I thought it took you several, I had a bad time killing a stubborn wombat,
Investors have been hoping that the industry will act as a deus ex machina and help them reduce the stubborn deficits in many pension funds.
Is a stubborn man.
You were a stubborn child, weren't you?
You were a stubborn child, weren't you?
When we are faced with unprecedented power difficulties, we will be getting up again and again until the sun again to disperse the clouds, shining on our scars are stubborn persistence of the face, our hearts would have a voice tells us: you are a step toward strong.
But this people has a stubborn and rebellious heart; they have turned aside and have gone away.
But those stubborn gaps have begun to close.
You were just as stubborn back then.
You were stubborn and vain
You were stubborn even back then.
I told him to leave. But he's stubborn
I told him to leave. But he's stubborn
And he's too stubborn to listen.
Guangzhou trip-the version of "agam women" with "little dream" stubborn follow the footsteps of.
I tried to talk some sense into her, but she's a tad on the stubborn side.
Sanya trip-the version of "agam women" with "little dream" stubborn follow the footsteps of the.
Sanya trip2-the version of "agam women" with "little dream" stubborn follow the footsteps of the.
Hailing from georgia, his nickname was the "georgia peach," cobb was best known for his pinpoint hitting accuracy and his never-say-die stubborn character.
Hailing from georgia, his nickname was the "georgia peach," cobb was best known for his pinpoint hitting accuracy and his never-say-die stubborn character.
But you are so stupid and stubborn
But you are the most stubborn person
That's why the most wrongheaded piece of the administration's policy may be its continuing and stubborn opposition to the "magnitsky bill"-a piece of legislation, authored by democrats, that aims to restore human rights to the center of u. s.-russian relations.
Say strong stubborn the melon is not sweet, I like to eat bitter.
The 3 big features of chronic violate the rules and regulations are to have catholicity, repeatability, stubborn sex.
To make a stupid, stubborn decision
I wanna help him, but in a lot of ways I guess I'm as stubborn as he is.
But you know your old man, stubborn bastard.
The apartment and furniture would have been nothing extraordinary as belonging to a homely, northern farmer, with a stubborn countenance, and stalwart limbs set out to advantage in knee breeches and gaiters.
Has he got a stubborn cough?
Has it? How stubborn are you gonna be about this?
The bank of england on wednesday downgraded its forecast and also kindled expectation it may take more extraordinary action to boost the u.k. economy, despite stubborn inflation.
No, he's going to die because he's too stubborn to make the right choice.
You're a stubborn fool yourself.
You're a stubborn middle - age ho who don't do dudes. Come on.
You're a stubborn middle - age ho who don't do dudes. Come on.
You're a stubborn motherfucker, just like me.
You're a stubborn old fool.
You're a stubborn old man.
You're as stubborn as that girl.
You're as stubborn as you used to be.
But you're too stubborn for that, aren't you?
Have it your way, you stubborn ass!
You're behaving like a stubborn idiot. Tell us where Marisol is...
You're being stubborn now.
And just total stubborn inability to master a remote.
To stubborn harshness.
But your stubborn mom!
The cardinal symptoms for the stubborn cough, the expectorate, the phlegm may turn the purulent gradually or mix have the blood.
No, no, I'm stubborn like that.
And make me curse myself for a stubborn old fool.
I did as you said. I was stubborn and I found her.
The citadel, therefore, is doomed to capitulate and its stubborn resistance merely serves to create profit opportunities for astute traders.
And might not be as their fathers, a stubborn and rebellious generation, a generation that set not their heart aright, and whose spirit was not stedfast with god.
And might not be as their fathers, a stubborn and rebellious generation; a generation that set not their heart aright, and whose spirit was not stedfast with god.
Serious cure begs speed not to tell the chronic and stubborn disease of benefit only.
No, no. - well, I know mom can be very stubborn sometimes......
And my people are stubborn and set in their ways.
To understand this predisposition for monogamy, he takes readers through the myriad feelings of love, from the heady, breathless exhilaration of falling, to the stubborn persistence of familial affection, to the bitterness of betrayal.
To win over the guiltiest or the most stubborn here, I am.
It is clear that iraqis will for many years be plagued by corruption, insurgents, meddling neighbours, and their own stubborn politicians.
It is dangerous for a stubborn and self-justified person in want of cold reasoning power.
You're just as stubborn and pigheaded as you were the day I met you.
And sometimes I'm too stubborn a Scotsman to know which is which.
You're just too stubborn to die?
You're just too stubborn to see that yet.
You're just too stubborn to see that yet.
Can they really expect to win a trial of strength with italy's legendarily stubborn ( and sometimes violent) vested interests?
And stubborn and slightly crazy.
And stubborn and slightly crazy.
And stubborn as you are, you're not gonna tell me why.
The dancing water of the creek, you laugh at the stubborn stones in your way heartlessly, the humble sands cann't move with you now, you see.
She affectionate, romantic sishui; her stubborn pride; like a sword, she jiaokuai, wild as wolves, her low when eyebrow, xuxu wind.
The deal is "an aggressive, mature move for google, one that shows that senior management is not too proud or stubborn to see that they can't build everything themselves," says henry blodget, an analyst at cherry hill research.
I don't know he's being so stubborn about this.
Who knows to treat stubborn sex urticaria to be treated well jilin city where?
Who want me dead and your stubborn refusal to help.
Can you just stop acting like a stubborn jackass long enough to think about your family?
She can be as stubborn as a mule.
Nor will mr obama have a trusted ally on the ground: general mcchrystal has been replaced by general david petraeus, a registered republican who remains a stubborn believer in the counter-insurgency strategy he invented for iraq and which mr obama says america cannot afford in afghanistan.
He can be a stubborn fool sometimes.
He can be so damn stubborn one minute,
He can be so damn stubborn one minute, the next, just... A huge comfort.
Not I, you are being stubborn
Not a plough had ever disturbed a grain of that stubborn soil.
Cancer is a devastating, stubborn disease. It is also a huge business opportunity.
I was just too stubborn to listen. I...
The grass remains a stubborn green...
The grass remains a stubborn green...
You're so stubborn with that spell.
You're so stubborn
You're still the mighty stubborn ass that you were a long time ago.
You're stubborn and did it all your way.
You're stubborn
You're such a stubborn brat.
Not just a Ford. The getaway vehicle has a stubborn second gear.
You're too stubborn to go out with me. This is your fault.
I don't know. He's a stubborn guy. He insisted on staying.
I was stubborn and arrogant.
I was stubborn and egocentric.
You're welcome, you stubborn ass.
Cats instinctively seek out high places and sharpen their claws because they are cats, not because they are stubborn and disobedient.
Charming and polite yet stubborn and overprotective, your desperately adorable crooked smile bears the weight of your inner pain and self-loathing.
He gets that stubborn streak from his mother.
And there you are, stubborn old man, sitting on your butt.
She took his place and played in turn; but still her stubborn fingers tripped over one or other of the notes which we have just mentioned.
And there's a stubborn streak that runs in the family.
He grasps the stubborn fact that these are not individual failures and nothing more; these are means by which raw paganism, and finally the relativizing of almighty god, are smuggled into the entire community through the back door.
It'd be hard to keep him out. I hear he is as stubborn as you are.
The leo woman may get annoyed by her taurus partner who may seem slow and stubborn in more than one occasion.
I will break down your stubborn pride and make the sky above you like iron and the ground beneath you like bronze.
China sees climate-change diplomacy as a way of boosting its soft power, and as part of its bilateral relationship with america ( its stubborn behaviour in copenhagen notwithstanding).
Why the stubborn insistence on self-determination, in spite of the facts?
The lords has become more stubborn since the last labour government ejected most hereditary peers, making the upper house less ridiculous.
The lords has become more stubborn since the last labour government ejected most hereditary peers, making the upper house less ridiculous.
He has a stubborn temper and is really pigheaded.
Your dad is a stubborn ass.
He has hinted that a model might be found in the advertising standards authority ( asa), an industry-funded body that mostly uses peer pressure to police advertising, but can call on legal "backstops"-official regulators with the power to punish stubborn offenders.
Your daughter is not even a fraction as obstinate, stubborn and...
The man's as stubborn as a mule.
She was just as stubborn as he was.
Your father was a stubborn old ox.
Your girlfriend like this stubborn streak in you?
Your grandmother is a stubborn woman.
It's a strange, stubborn faith you keep...
She was such a stubborn tag - along.
He is a stubborn character used to getting his own way.
Why, because he's stubborn or because he doesn't know how?
It's a very stubborn place. "
The more Sarah nagged her, the more stubborn Cissie became.
Clumsy is my helmsman, the mind; stubborn my six oarsmen, the passions.
Colleagues describe a nocturnal control freak with a stubborn streak.
Unconsciously, innocent child "gradually" into the ambitious youth; generous gallant youth, "gradually" into a cold adult; blood gas strong adult "gradually" into a stubborn old man.
I would be urging you to make a stupid, stubborn decision
He just not used to you yet. He is so stubborn
Come on, get up, you stubborn old coot. Get up!
Wise parents do not cease caring for backward children. Competent teachers do not give up on stubborn students.
Commercial stain removers are usually a good choice for more stubborn stains.
She's as stubborn as a child!
Now, you too stubborn to say it,
Your stubborn faith in... In common sense...
Your stubborn faith in... In common sense...
Your stubborn resistance is only gonna make this take longer.
With a stubborn nose gear on a rolling flattop with zero visibility.
Concluding a summit of asia-pacific leaders in hawaii sunday, mr. obama focused on his efforts to reduce his nation's stubborn unemployment rate by doubling exports.
Conclusion tg could promote healing of stubborn rau, extend the recurrence interval and reduce relapses.
It's not that I'm stubborn
Youre just being stubborn
With his pierced lip and odd-looking children, the stubborn guerrero knew where the future lay.
And when you inherited his mantle, you would have been as stubborn as he was.
And when you inherited his mantle, you would have been as stubborn as he was.
Valentim's family told reporters she had a stubborn streak and always made a habit of minding her own business.
She's right. We're genetically predisposed to being stubborn and really pesky.
She's right. We're genetically predisposed to being stubborn and really pesky.
The people gave a big cheer for the stubborn men who had been brave enough to cling to their ideals, and stand up to the unfair laws.
The people of the world all have a purpose; I alone appear stubborn and uncouth.
The personality of the pekingese is sometimes stubborn and aloof.
Very stubborn enemy, you have to surprise attack them non-combatants arrived at the edge of densely populated areas.
She's the stubborn one.
With various chinese herbal medicine baths with miraculous curative effects that probably can free yourself from some chronic and stubborn diseases, it is definitely a wonderful place for hot spring recuperation nearest to the urban areas of beijing.
Obsessing over a stubborn smudge,
Obstinate or contemptuous resistance to authority; stubborn rebelliousness.
He said at last, a stubborn crease between his brows.
The point here isn't the specifics of what you are stubborn about but rather the fact that you hold on so tightly to any given idea you might have.
He said teenagers sitting on tanks cheered as they passed for what they hope will be the final battle of the war, but our correspondent says the gaddafi loyalists are putting up stubborn resistance.
don't be ridiculous. You're too stubborn to die. We all know that.
don't be ridiculous. You're too stubborn to die. We all know that.
don't be so stubborn It's your duty to report on your work
don't be so stubborn It's your duty to report on your work
don't be stubborn come with me to Australia
don't be stubborn with me
don't be stubborn with me
The quest for growth is focusing minds on the most stubborn structural problems.
The quest for growth is focusing minds on the most stubborn structural problems.
Cut the stubborn jerk's head open and take a slice.
The rain is still stubborn with, not to stop the meaning, it seems that this is the discrete one really is a lot of it, and not just remember who, also had wanted to give the rain help power impulse, are you?
Jack is as stubborn as a mule and no one talks to him.
Since then we have focused attention on the negative things, and amplified the negative mood. And wanted to find the evidence they do not love themselves, each character is very stubborn and too unwilling to face a fighter.
Dad gave me the afternoon I made four shortcomings, stubborn mouth, selfish, mean and angry, if I get rid of me these four shortcomings pretty good.
The result is a modest but stubborn current-account deficit.
He struggled, confounded and arosed. She grabbed his stubborn throbbing cock and he stilled.
Damn stubborn
The risk to this view is that inflation will prove more stubborn and dangerous than expected, prompting beijing to unveil a sweeping move like aggressively cutting bank lending quotas.
Wanted you to know that I ain't stubborn is all.
War is not lost two consecutive points, yangshujun quite good condition, quarter-finals to face the fifth seed, mexican players pan niya, although opponents stubborn resistance, but yangshujun came out on top, then successfully pass through eight to four.
Daraya, a town on the south-western fringe of damascus with a reputation for stubborn but peaceful opposition to the regime, was the most recent to suffer.
The scientists have shown in laboratory experiments with streptomyces bacteria that the decoy approach can defeat resistance to vancomycin, which doctors use as an "antibiotic of last resort" against the most stubborn infections.
The self-rough will reveal our brilliance during the trails, and wash off the filthy, flippancy, vanity, stubborn and the blindness.
Six months away from this fucking stubborn car that's ruined my life.
Answer: the 3 big features of chronic violate the rules and regulations are to have catholicity, repeatability, stubborn sex.
Wu is also a straightforward happens stubborn temper, he told himself after the death of fu chai, "wu death to the more" sense of foreboding.
Antigone was a very stubborn woman.
Antigone was more even-tempered than oedipus but they were both very stubborn people.
Was it not your vanity, your stubborn intellectual pride -
Was just too stubborn to see it, and you know that.
Was just too stubborn to see it,
Xuan was remorseful, but he was too stubborn to admit he had been wrong.
I'm being an idiot, right? Being a stubborn jerk?
Julie is too stubborn to listen to our advice.
I'm fighting with my sister and we're too stubborn to talk to each other.
Of two stubborn minds, grown folks blind to the sign
Just as stubborn as my brother.
Delta goodrem I know I can be a little stubborn sometimes.
Demography helps explain japan's stubborn deflation, too, he says.
Demography helps explain japan's stubborn deflation, too, he says.
Yeah, I know, but stubborn stains need special care.
I have a stubborn boil on my back.
I have always believed that hope is that stubborn thing inside us that insists, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep working, to keep fighting.
I'm glad you're a stubborn bitch.
We all know that stubborn bastard will rot in prison
We all know that stubborn bastard will rot in prison unless I say otherwise.
Oh! Oh, you stubborn -
Apparently, he has not heard me. Or maybe it's that stubborn way people from back home have of ignoring cynicism.
We both know how stubborn he was.
We both know your dad'sone stubborn son of a bitch.
So don't be stubborn
I hear he's as stubborn as you are
I'm just pounding a very stubborn pole.
Just then you said he was stubborn
Are you stiff-necked and stubborn when you speak to your spouse?
I'm more stubborn than anybody here...
King founders find it difficult to share control and can be very stubborn when facts on the ground challenge their vision.
As a breed, beagles can be stubborn and difficult to train.
As india's economy surges, one of the country's most serious and stubborn challenges is how to combat entrenched caste prejudice.
As she grew older, that same beauty slowly morphed into an equally captivating and cutting wit, tough spirit and stubborn resolve.
As the violence grew and his children pleaded with him to leave his hometown of taftanaz in idlib province, he embraced the role of a stubborn old man, refusing to budge until he saw the end of the assad regime.
Labour says mr osborne is a dangerous ideologue, cutting public spending too deeply and ignoring warning signs of an economic slump in stubborn pursuit of what it says is his real goal, a smaller state.
I'm probably about as stubborn as you are.
I'm probably about as stubborn as you are.
I'm sorry I've been so stubborn about the baby thing,
At the same time china has given proof of progress and capacity for stubborn resistance, and it is inconceivable that there should be fierce attacks by japan without in evitable resistance by china.
At the same time, so stubborn and unyielding.
We know from scripture that god is compassionate, kind, generous, and good even to the most stubborn sinners.
The smell of food entice the hungry children into the hut.
A combination of american and japanese heft could, say tpp advocates, entice other countries, such as canada, to join the group.
So rather than trying to entice people to buy a stock image showing what a stranger's genes look like, nazim and salamunovic have personalized the experience, asking the customer to supply a sample of their own dna.
So we came up with a strategy to entice owners to buy really world-class horses.
He's created a balsamic green beans recipe meant to entice kids with its sweet and sour taste.
He's going to try and entice the otters into his artificial Holt
Do I entice you?
He's trying to entice a female down from the canopy.
Like sellers of books, films and music, game has been hurt by competition from online retailers such as amazon as well as from britain's cut-throat supermarkets, which have started stocking a small selection of the bestselling video games, often using them as loss-leaders to entice shoppers.
Then there came out a spirit, and stood before the lord, and said, I will entice him. And the lord said unto him, wherewith?
Social coupon sites do have the ability to introduce and expose your business to potential customers and entice them to come back, if you handle the redemption properly.
A winner can reveal himself instead of projecting images that please, provoke, or entice others.
Some firms, like bc partners and cinven, have had to offer a discount on fees to entice investors.
Yes, they entice each other.
If folks were shunning treasuries then the government would have to entice investors with bigger yields to offset the perception of bigger risks.
Her mother, hoping to entice her, brings them home from the library, but nadia rarely shows an interest.
Her mother, hoping to entice her, brings them home from the library, but nadia rarely shows interest.
Well are you such a gentleman to entice a girl
Absolutely not with low or the musical instrument that cannot maintain, entice and amusement lane employs a guest.
On february 10th, just before tet, the central bank devalued the currency, the dong, by 3.4%, following a devaluation of 5.4% in november. The aim was to entice holders of dollars to buy dong.
Someone you're trying to entice with a new cologne?
On monday, the san diego-based company announced a series of products it hopes will entice automakers and other atypical customers to use its technology to make their products "smarter."
On the one hand, low rates entice investors out of cash and into riskier assets.
Well, I thought I might try and entice you back to Oxford with me tonight.
If printed books are optional, publishers will have towork harder to entice people to buy them.
Look, you don't have - - and while you entice investors by convincing them
South korea has drawn up an enhanced package of incentives for the international community to entice north korea back to talks on denuclearisation, putting hard figures on previously vague promises of aid.
Eloquence to entice naive children to experiment with crack.
Better that it should play it the ecfa way, with trade and other benefits meant to entice and reward, and gain popularity, than the old one, with belligerent threats and diplomatic pressure designed to frighten and coerce.
There's the infamous facemash, as well as an earlier site he created to entice students to share insights on a course he failed to attend.
These dogs are often moving and jumping about to entice play.
Entice. You entice the guy into the bank, and then what?
One of ms hermann's initiatives was to entice people to buy ysl products by building up its accessory collection.
One of the advantages of state-led development is that china can entice countries with packages of corporate investment, cheap loans and other aid goodies.
If the snake wont eat a mouse try offering a rat. If a rat doesn't work gerbils seem to entice many stubborn feeders.
Well, if they ever try to entice you to jump ship, give me a chance to match their offer.
Europe's hopes of ringfencing the embattled single currency through a 1 trillion-plus leveraged bailout fund are sinking due to spiralling bond yields, investor flight from eurozone debt, and failure to entice cash-rich governments in the far east to commit to the plan.
Startups explicitly use a lottery system, known as stock options, to entice young people to work for nothing.
Steep discounts will probably entice back home buyers, as there is pent-up demand for urban housing in china.
Both became emblematic of a new generation of startups that could entice skittish investors into new tech ipos.
Manufacturers want you to buy their food, so they use special catchphrases to entice you.
Many companies are now introducing higher-priced items to entice consumers away from$ 1 specials.
Many companies are now introducing higher-priced items to entice consumers away from$ 1 specials.
Many of these pubs have large-screen televisions, and use these to entice customers in.
Many western diplomats say now is the time for sheik sharif to sow divisions within the shabab and entice relatively moderate insurgent leaders, like sheik hassan dahir aweys and sheik muktar robow, also known as abu monsoor, into the government.
Brazil is the top foreign market investing in miami currently, and real estate agents are travelling there and to countries like venezuela to entice buyers up north.
Alexandra is one modern-day swede who managed to entice her partner to give up the beaches of southeast asia for the snow-filled streets of sweden.
If we do not entice her, she will laugh us to scorn.
Brussels-european officials scrambled on tuesday for a way to entice banks to accept much deeper losses on their greek bonds as debt crisis talks went down to the wire before a crucial gathering of european leaders on wednesday.
Higher education grants are a carrot with which to entice students.
Facebook has unabashedly designed its site to entice people into sharing more openly.
Study on synthesis and application of schistosoma entice cercariae imprinting polymer.
You entice the guy into the bank, and then what?
Other supermarkets could try to entice him through their doors by modifying their coupons and offering deeper discounts.
West lake's beauty is ever changing but never fails to entice and entrance.
They'll entice doctors to move from the cities by paying them better salaries.
Hold out bait to entice the enemy, then crush them.
Might I entice you to follow your old boss to a new firm?
Might I entice you to follow your old boss to a new firm?
Outside the store, meanwhile, touts try to entice customers in with laminated pamphlets offering up to 25 per cent off the listed price.
All will try out an array of new smells, sights and sounds on their customers, hoping not just to entice people in but to make them stay longer, spend more and come back again.
Over the past few years, museums have been devising ever more eye-catching ways to entice visitors through their doors.
Modest concessions may entice bob corker of tennessee and judd gregg of new hampshire to vote for it.
Following the success of 3d films in movie theaters, home electronics manufacturers are hoping that 3d technology will entice consumers to buy new tv sets and blu-ray players.
What do you mean by I could not entice girls?
But fewer question the way manufacturers use technological and stylistic changes to entice us to buy.
In addition to acting as a direct insurer of bond issues, the efsf insurance scheme is also supposed to entice big institutional investors to contribute to a special fund that could be used to buy government bonds but also to help states recapitalize weak banks.
In addition to acting as a direct insurer of bond issues, the efsf insurance scheme is also supposed to entice big institutional investors to contribute to a special fund that could be used to buy government bonds but also to help states recapitalize weak banks.
Most banks that are selling assets have priced them close to face value, providing little to entice buyers.
For example, the high-end restaurant considering offering a "deal" to entice new customers might prefer to target the business traveller who has just flown into town first class and is more likely to buy an expensive bottle of wine during her meal.
Among all foods, chocolate is one of the best that never fails to entice someone.
For many women no amount of money would ever entice them into prostitution.
Tending to entice into a desired action or state.
For they mouth empty, boastful words and, by appealing to the lustful desires of sinful human nature, they entice people who are just escaping from those who live in error.
For those of you who might not know golden handcuffs are what we use to describe an incentive offered by an employer to an employee to entice them to stay.
An eight-week "mujahideen integration course" is supposed to entice former anti-soviet resistance leaders to join up.
This could be an interesting disagreement that might entice me to take one side or the other, after an objective assessment of the arguments.
But in 1981 a court found that, unlike the playboy club, southwest's business was not "forthrightly to titillate and entice male customers", but to ferry them from dallas to houston.
Forsake me never, for I will entice you from my grave.
Forsake me never, for I will entice you from my grave.
Mr yeoh is recounting the challenge of trying to entice more non-japanese asian customers on to the luxurious eastern& oriental express train from bangkok to singapore, which ytl manages.
Mr. Eppes, can I entice you into a game of air hockey?
But it surely should be possible to entice both immigrants and the indigenous population to move to less congested parts of the uk without forcing them into designated ghettoes.
What nocturnal proclivities entice a man with everything......
Printing organs rather than growing them as cells on a scaffold, he says, is a better way to entice blood vessels to grow into the center of an organ, which is one of the major difficulties in current regenerative biology.
But learn to entice them.
But less than he needs to entice anyone real.
But let's be honest, gw is really part of an unremitting arms race, in which they're vying with competitor schools to entice wealthy students ( who can afford to pay face value for their education).
My prejudiced position believes those with business backgrounds could add so much more and that business schools need to entice more experienced business men and women to gain superior academic credentials.
In the evening he went out again on his balcony, taking care to place the light behind him; for he knew that a shadow always wants his master for a screen; but he could not entice him out.
Rbs, which is 70 per cent publicly owned and has had stringent pay restrictions imposed, said it had had to agree some guaranteed bonuses to stop staff leaving and to entice recruits.it said that there would be no decision on the payments until the end of the year.
Gm's preferred course in europe is to get government loan guarantees that would entice a third party to invest in the company's money-losing opel/ vauxhall operations, based chiefly in germany and great britain.
Neiman marcus, for example, sent$ 50 gift cards to prolific customers to entice them back for further sprees.
Neiman marcus, for example, sent$ 50 gift cards to prolific customers to entice them back for further sprees.
That would only entice my target clientele.
I think what we have will entice you.
I think what we have will entice you.
Those not taking advantage of online opportunities could be failing to entice consumers and drive bookings.
Inflation in britain unexpectedly fell in march, to 4%, as retailers slashed prices to entice reluctant consumers.
God doesn't entice anybody into evil.
Innovation and higher prices are what young ghanaians say might entice them into cocoa farming something that cadbury says is essential if the industry is to survive.
And even big brazilian companies may lack the international renown needed to entice the most ambitious.
Retailers have tried almost everything to entice shoppers through their doors.
You want to entice the girl.
You want to entice the girl.
When retailers want to entice customers to buy a particular product, they typically offer it at a discount.
When retailers want to entice customers to buy a particular product, they typically offer it at a discount.
Nissan decided to attend the event because the company's foreign rivals, which are less troubled by the disruption in japan-made parts procurement, are set to unveil a series of new concept cars to entice local customers at the show, a nissan spokesman said.
And he and I were wondering if we could possibly entice you into coming and working with us.
No matter which model, the megazoom category of digital cameras offers a combination of advanced features and affordability that could entice people who are ready to take the next step into a world of more serious digital photography.
I can't force you to go down, but I can entice you.
You weren't trying to entice me with your nakedness.
To entice all the people looking for a loo-break to stay a bit longer, locals bought the antebellum houses and turned them into restaurants and inns.
To entice byd to locate an electric-bus factory in los angeles, mr. beutner said that the city is willing to 'put our municipal power to work' and place an order large enough for byd to do so.
To entice consumers to buy more--and more often--mcdonald's under skinner has pursued what the fast-food industry calls "platforms" rather than one-hit wonders.
To entice him with her wiles.
To entice in end investors, the bank persuaded an independent credit adviser, aca management, to lend its name to the transaction.
To entice merchants to adopt the system, google discounts the fee when they also buy advertisements sold through its hugely successful adwords system.
To entice the states to agree, he is offering to spend a$ 10 billion of the commonwealth's money on the various schemes.
To entice you away from the Lord. Your God,
To entice you back.
And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife.
You would entice me to become keeper of the secret archives?
And if all that doesn't entice you, don't worry-the new class system is completely backwards compatible.
I used to go to school to entice girls as well as study.
The ancient Stannary town which we call home  makes an ideal venue for exploring the wider county (and countryside), and we have an outdoor heated pool and a Conservatory Restaurant serving local produce to entice you even more.
The baojun may not be a mustang, but it's an effort to entice entry-level car buyers 'a population gm says is multiplying in china' with a relatively well-designed, affordable car that has some dose of streamlined, sporty styling.
The bill's proponents hope it will entice skilled members of the haitian diaspora to return home.
The bonnet is on the inside, and covered with meat to entice the big cats closer.
The cbrc said on friday that some banks have been illegally offering higher deposit rates to customers than allowed under current regulations, while others have found more creative ways to entice deposits.
It has insisted that those institutions which take mostly middle-class students spend a third of the extra money raised through higher tuition fees on fee waivers and bursaries for needy students, as well as on efforts to entice them into lecture theatres and keep them at their books.
Can I entice you into a game of air hockey?
And mr willetts wants to entice more low-cost providers into the system.
To try entice pollinators hungry not for nectar but for love.
It is also related that once when red-cap was again taking cakes to the old grandmother, another wolf spoke to her, and tried to entice her from the path.
While our room may entice you, don't forget any time is the right time for a cup of Joe, brew fresh coffee without having to leave the room.
It is one of several sites devoted to "self-tracking" and the use of "gamification" to entice members to achieve goals.
It is raising rates to try to bring in more revenue, and also planning a summer sale to entice businesses to send mail in bulk at discounted rates.
It is raising rates to try to bring in more revenue, and also planning a summer sale to entice businesses to send mail in bulk at discounted rates.
Nokia ended up trying a new brand, vertu, to entice consumers, but it was not very successful.
Nor can it depend on receiving a constant stream of high-profile submissions, like the iraq video, to bring it attention and entice donations.
It may actually be to make the spider appear larger and less appealing to predators, or help entice curious prey.
It takes numerous government policies and "expert" opinions to entice ignorant retail investors into the market but just a few days to send them packing.
The higher rate would entice banks to tie up money they otherwise might lend to customers or other banks.
The hope is that development of the washington-baltimore segment would entice investors to finance the rest of the line between baltimore and new york.
Catch their attention the moment they arrive, entice them in with tasty titbits, and you've got them.
Central banks kept short-term interest rates low and investment banks managed to entice all kinds of investors into the business of lending money by transforming loans into tradeable securities.
He explained this when the borgata tried to entice him back.
Changi figures such perks entice passengers to spend more money at the airport and select singapore over other connecting hubs.
It will be something to entice me to get out and walk with him, and it's good for both him and myself, neiland said.
The late husbands of the two women were the architects of south korea's 'sunshine policy,' a decadelong attempt to use economic rewards to entice kim jong il to make reforms.
Nothing will entice the children from television.
Child murderers in the past have very often carried photographs of young children to entice their victims away.
China is seen hoping that the earlier agreements, which favour taiwan in real economic terms, will entice island officials into discussions more important to beijing: when to reunify.
Your emissary's purpose was to entice them to participate
Now the contestants entice each other with tales of civic service and promises of good relations with future mothers-in-law.
Clearly, bezos hopes his company's bolder design, ever-aggressive pricing, and new features like mayday will be enough to entice customers into making the hdx their tablet of choice.
The message: don't pre-negotiate compromises to entice republican support, as they had on the first stimulus.
The new regulatory environment will free them up to concentrate on allocating assets and managing client portfolios, rather than simply trading on an unfair, tax and secrecy-led advantage to entice money looking for a clandestine home.
Universities charge according to the perceived earning power the course bestows: those seeking to enter a lucrative career must pay through the nose for a qualification thought to entice employers, whereas those who intend to become dusty dons are offered bargains.
Until this spring, e-book sellers like amazon and barnes& noble sold many best-selling e-books at a loss to entice customers.
The online retailer also can't afford to take losses on every album, leaving the question of how it will entice consumers to come back and download the rest of its catalog at higher prices.
Use the best images and design possible, and entice visitors to book.
He needs to increase the latter, to entice the republicans into a deal and because it is the right thing to do.
The partridge earnestly begged him to spare his life, saying, "pray, master, permit me to live and I will entice many partridges to you in recompense for your mercy to me."
Without fundamental news to entice buying, gold prices are drifting.
Shenhua, which launched a 13-day roadshow in asia, europe and the us last thursday, is likely to be priced at a discount to the valuations of international rivals a move that may entice investors to buy into the listing.
The prisoner tried to entice the guard from his duty.
The programme cannot, for instance, hand out lavish child-care credits to entice more women back to work.
Its function is to stimulate, educate, and entice the viewer to visual ideas towards sexuality.
Jack holds the man's medicine to entice him into revealing more information.
Of course, so far from denying it, we fully recognize that it is the very weakness of the national bourgeoisie that may make it easy for the imperialists, landlords and compradors to entice them with the bait of some temporary advantage; hence their lack of revolutionary thoroughness.
Dan tried to entice winnie along to the dance.
The same system of targeted personal-tax breaks for senior executives was apparently successfully used in beijing to entice financial firms to move from one side of the forbidden city to the other, to an area called financial street.
Slowly but surely, google hopes to entice more businesses and major indoor areas of interest--both small and large--to opt in for indoor mapping.
Dec. 14 ( bloomberg)--walt disney co. built celebration, florida, as an idealized version of a circa-world war ii small town, where litter-free streets are lined with white picket fences and front porches entice neighbors to sit after dinner.
Was this stock option arrangement really necessary to entice whitman to the ceo spot and motivate her to perform her job?
Oh my God! Your nephew can't even entice a girl and..
Oh so - so you weren't trying to entice me just now with your -
Oh so - so you weren't trying to entice me just now with your -
We also discovered how emperor penguins use mexican waves to stay warm, shrimp use rap to entice a mate, and that tasmanian tigers weren't capable of killing sheep-a hundred years too late.
We also discovered how emperor penguins use mexican waves to stay warm, shrimp use rap to entice a mate, and that tasmanian tigers weren't capable of killing sheep-a hundred years too late.
Just one more thing: you may be interested to hear that it trade group comptia has launched an industrywide effort to entice more women into tech jobs.
As microsoft and nokia prepare the grand openings of their mobile application stores later this year, each company is trying various approaches to entice consumers.
I'm sure she can entice him out of the office.
I'm sure she can entice him out of the office.
The beautiful city we were so proud of with law and order still prevailing.
To think that my wife whom I trusted and proud of,
On the one hand I was proud he was showing his feelings.
When Pete was proud of you,
Where a sunflower grew proud and tall from the ground.
You should be very proud of yourself.
No, not at all. As a matter of fact, I'm very proud of my wife.
A job for life. One he could be proud of.
I have been very proud of the fact that somewhere there is a...
He keeps saying he's okay. You must be very proud of him.
Always supportive, always proud of me.
Normally, I'd be very proud of you
Make me proud I voted for you.
Most proud indeed.
One small but proud bird said:
Someone who could unite the kingdoms, someone I would be proud to call family.
Must've been proud of you.
Something that's gonna make you proud of me,
A party we can be proud of.
A proud father.
A cop. A hero. And a father to a proud son.
That needs help, but may be too proud to ask for a handout.
A king who's very proud of his heir.
An opportunity for the proud
A proud woman. I try to be sensitive to her feelings.
The proud woman, who believed she could resist me,
Are you proud to be a senior.
Something that he was proud of - that he could stay clean this time.
You know, something to be proud of.
Something we were proud of.
Some proud and new... - so new that they were left alone... -
Just one thing to be proud of that was mine.
Yes, and a dress a princess can be proud of.
 I'll speak to you soon. I love you. - love you. I'm so proud of you.
A proud daughter of these hills,
A young man we can all be proud of.
I honestly am so proud of both of you and all of you.
So however proud of yourself you're feeling right now,
Oh, no.  I'm so proud of you
Oh, no. I am so proud of you.
Later, it is better that their day is crossed, people feels proud for his outstanding achievement, they decide to build the tall tower of an exceeding lofty or great in babylon, will eulogize oneself illustrious prestige, regard gather as the mark of brothers of entire the world, lest disperse.
Did I do good? Will daddy be proud of me?
Did I ever say that I wouldn't be proud of you if you weren't a cop?
Did I ever say that I wouldn't be proud of you if you weren't a cop?
Did I ever tell you how proud I am to serve with you?
Did I ever tell you how proud I am to serve with you?
Did I mention I am so proud of you?
Did I mention I am so proud of you?
He was a man that any one of us would be proud to call "friend".
He was a man that any one of us would be proud to call friend.
We san franciscans are pretty proud of this old town.
I'm thrilled and proud of her work on breast cancer, too.
So is she pretty proud of you to be standing here today?
He was a proud man.
He was a proud young athlete nearly 1,000 years ago.
Yeah, but it shouldn't mean that we're proud of whatever they choose.
He was also a very proud man. He was a hard worker
He was always a proud man but
He was always proud of having been a guards officer.
He was always so proud of me.
The smallest country ever to host the modern event, greece was proud to have pulled it off despite widespread skepticism.
The sounds of the machines seemed to be proud music in her ears.
He was extremely proud of what he'd achieved here.
The spaniards were so prodigiously afraid of him, that, I tell you, sir, I was sometimes proud he was an englishman.
The spanish government is so proud of a public-works blitz of 32000 projects that it wants to mark them with red-and-yellow metal signs four metres wide and three metres high.
<p1.5/>The BEST WESTERN Pine Springs Inn is proud to offer superior customer service and a convenient location in Ruidoso.
? Very lovely.? L was so proud of her.
?? I was really proud of the way I delivered it with emotion.
?? I'll so proud of you.
??? Around I can just a little bit more proud of myself
A Macedonian queen we can be proud of!
A big smile on her face, all proud of herself?
A big smile on her face, all proud of herself?
A blade cat makes a proud mouse.
A blade of grass can not plant her love in the desert, who proud of his vastness but doesn't know what love is.
A blate cat makes a proud mouse.
A boy like vin, she ought to be proud and happy.
A cold breeze is blowing in tranquil world of snow, displaying cold and proud loneliness.
A college graduate. I'm so proud of you.
Awesome, proud of myself, kind of embarrassed.
Aww, you guys worked it out. I'm proud of you.
Aziz pointed out that the police officers, trial results showed that the girl's fiance being raped by girls aware of their psychological state of panic after the great persuasion that to her, not only to avoid the stigma, but also very proud of her parents the only way to god and the courage to die.
BEST WESTERN PLUS Waterbury - Stowe is proud to offer premium hotel amenities and in-room upgrades that complete your Waterbury hotel stay.
BEST WESTERN The Westerly Hotel & Convention Centre is proud to offer superior customer service.
BLG Scott: Leonard! You are gonna be so proud of me!
Babe, I think everyone's proud of you.
Babe, I think everyone's proud of you.
Baby you passed! aren't you proud of yourself?
Baby you passed! aren't you proud of yourself?
Baby, I am so proud of you.
Baby, I am so proud of you.
Baby, l am so proud of you. Billy would have been proud.
Baby, l am so proud of you. Billy would have been proud.
Baby, you have no idea how proud l am of you.
Baby, you have no idea how proud l am of you.
I'm too proud of myself for that.
I'm too proud of what I've accomplished
I'm too proud to have come, if I'd thought so.
I'm truly fucking proud of you.
I'm trying to make you proud of me again.
I'm trying to tell you that I've done some stuff that I'm not very proud of,
I'm very fond of the "nightmare" series and I love looking back at them and I'm very proud of them.
I'm very proud here tonight.
I'm very proud of all of you.
I'm very proud of everyone.
I'm very proud of her from the day she was born.
I'm very proud of her.
I'm very proud of her.
I'm very proud of him, which is part of the reason I'm here.
I'm very proud of him
I'm very proud of it.
I'm very proud of me, and you are too.
I'm very proud of my gold pocket watch.
I'm very proud of my gold pocket watch.
I'm very proud of my grandson.
I'm very proud of my mane of pubic hair, so thank you.
I'm very proud of my performance,
I'm very proud of my performance, the team's performance,
I'm very proud of my son.
I'm very proud of myself.
I'm very proud of myself. I'm very happy.
I'm very proud of our end result.
I'm very proud of that, but the center is - is my chance to create something solid and - and useful that didn't exist before I imagined it.
I'm very proud of that.
I'm very proud of the way I look.
I'm very proud of the work that I did in those! - hey, hey, hey! Shut up!
I'm very proud of them. - I promised
I'm very proud of them.
I'm very proud of you and your devotion to your work.
I'm very proud of you and your devotion to your work.
I'm very proud of you for today.
I'm very proud of you people.
I'm very proud of you sitting right here and congratulations to both of you because I
I'm very proud of you sitting right here, and congratulations to both of you,
I'm very proud of you, Bart. Over 24 hours sober.
I'm very proud of you, Max. Very proud of you.
I'm very proud of you, Zoe.
I'm very proud of you, because I was a little worried that you weren't going to connect,
I'm very proud of you, lad.
I'm very proud of you, my director.
I'm very proud of you, you know.
I'm very proud of you, you know.
I'm very proud of you, zo?
I'm very proud of you.
I'm very proud of you. But the game has grown.
I'm very proud of you. Did you take any pictures?
I'm very proud of you. I really am.
I'm very proud of you. Lamp!
I'm very proud of you. Really?
I'm very proud of you. Yeah?
I'm very proud of you. You were awtully brave today.
I'm very proud of you. You're a wonderful curator.
I'm very proud of you. You've taken one step on a very long road.
I'm very proud of you...
I'm very proud of you.
I'm very proud of you.
I'm very proud of you.
I'm very proud that I can help you to be a writer.
I'm very proud to be a soldier.
I'm very proud to be a writer,
I'm very proud to be able to represent you.
I'm very proud to be an actor in this business.
I'm very proud to be here amongst you all.
I'm very proud to be your friend, you know.
I'm very proud to have been a pan of Wes' vision.
I'm very proud to have been in it.
I'm very proud to say, eight children.
I'm very, very proud of it.
I'm very, very proud of you.
I'm very, very proud to be a small part of that.
I'm virtually proud of you.
Oh, pa, you talk like an Irishman. It's proud I am that I'm Irish.
So it's a scene that was two years in the making, and we're very proud of it.
So just forget everything else and be proud and powerful.
A further indication of how close ties are, murmured proud british officials.
A further indication of how close ties are, murmured proud british officials.
We share a proud Spanish heritage
We should be proud of dad, now more than ever before.
We should be proud of our nobel prize winners.
We should be proud of who we are! Think about all the great people in history who were ginger. People like...
We should be proud of you?
We should be really proud of ourselves. For once, we did not break the law.
He was grateful for and proud of his son's remarkable, nay, unique performance.
I hope she's proud of you, 'cause you are certainly one of
I hope she's proud of you, 'cause you are certainly one of
I hope she's proud of you, 'cause you are certainly one of the best dancers I've seen this season.
I hope she's proud of you, 'cause you are certainly one of the best dancers I've seen this season.
Yeah, he likes them, then. Maybe even proud of them.
Yeah, he was actually proud of me back then.
He was just standing there when we pulled up, looking all proud or something.
He was justifiably proud of his achievements.
So nearly that I shall always be proud of it.
Yeah, if you're six. You know, your mother was proud of you.
A glorious day for all the proud members of the allied planets.
He was once a proud satedan, not unlike yourself.
He was one of the creators of the "bird's nest" stadium and I was expecting him to tell me how proud he would be when it was unveiled at the opening ceremony.
He was pretty proud of that
He was pretty proud of that. When was the last time you saw him?
He was proud Papa when I took off for desert storm.
He was proud Papa when I took off for desert storm.
He was proud like anything.
He was proud of her.
He was proud of himself.
He was proud of his hate mail.
He was proud of his impeccable pedigree.
He was proud of his products
He was proud of me when I enlisted, too.
He was proud of that.
He was proud of them,
He was proud of what he had done.
He was proud of what we did.
He was proud of you.
He was proud that he thought no one buthimself was worthy to see his youthful beauty.
He was proud to hear his own grandfather spoken of so reverently.
He was proud to put on his uniform every day.
He was proud when I told him I was going on a date with a bona fide rock star.
He was proud when I told him I was going on a date with a bona fide rock star.
Yeah, it's not something I'm proud but I - I don't know what else to do.
Oh, she was proud of you.
I hope that this time, you'll be proud of me.
I hope that this time, you'll be proud of me.
He was rather proud when I told him
He was rather proud when I told him
He was really excited you were proud of him.
He was really proud of himself.
He was really proud of it.
Oh, standing proud with your
I hope you are proud of yourself
I hope you are proud of yourself
I hope you are proud of yourself.
I hope you guys are proud of yourselves. A bunch of big men in here.
I hope you live a life you're proud of.
I hope you live a life you're proud of.
I'm your son Daniel and I'm very proud of you, dad.
I'm, like, super proud of you.
I'm, uh... Not very proud of it.
I'm. I'm proud of you. I want to show you off.
I'm... So proud to... Be your mom.
I've always been proud of the fact I never resorted to violence,
So not only is beau Randolph, the proud owner
I hope you're proud of this.
I hope you're proud of us.
I hope you're proud of us.
I hope you're proud of your self.
I hope you're proud of your self.
I hope you're proud of your son...
I hope you're proud of yourself.
I hope you're proud of yourself.
I hope your mother's proud of you
I hope your mother's proud of you
I hoped you would be proud of our accomplishments.
I hoped you would be proud of our accomplishments.
I've been avoiding mirrors. I'm proud of you for not cheating.
I've been avoiding mirrors. I'm proud of you for not cheating.
We should stand together proud
A high look and a proud heart-the lamp of the wicked-is sin.
So our kids can have a home to be proud of.
Lest being over proud in sap and blood,
Lest being over proud in sap and blood,
Let customers proud of eating noble food.
Yeah, mom, we're proud of who we are.
Let him know we're very proud of him.
I joined the proud ranks of the Argyll & Sutherland Highlanders
I joined the proud ranks of the Argyll & Sutherland Highlanders
We sure are proud of her.
We taiwanese are very tacky and we are proud of it.
So proud I'm here.
So proud of HLS weed.
So proud of having a son.
So proud of her.
So proud of him.
So proud of his weed.
So proud of myself I forget the next thing?
So proud of the man that you are becoming.
So proud of what he is doing.
So proud of you that he would probably bet some money on you again.
So proud of you!
Yeah, proud day for the Greeks. All right, ladies!
Yeah, proud day for the Greeks. All right, ladies!
Yeah, proud day for the Greeks. All right, ladies! Party's over!
Yeah, real proud of you.
Did himself proud today.
He was so proud of her.
He was so proud of himself,
He was so proud of it.
He was so proud of it. My little man.
He was so proud of me.
He was so proud of the job that he did.
He was so proud of the way you guys put the whole thing together.
He was so proud of this.
He was so proud of us.
He was so proud of you and all that you've achieved.
He was so proud of you, your dad, you know.
He was so proud of you.
He was so proud of you. Always was.
He was so proud that you were gonna become an engineer,
He was so proud this day,
He was so proud to be sending his kids to college...... and he made sure we never missed a registration deadline because his check was late.
He was so proud to share his music with me.
He was such a proud American,
He was super proud of me and he's really excited.
A legacy I'm not proud of.
A legacy I'm not proud of.
He was too lazy to work and too proud to beg.
He was too lazyto work and too proud to beg.
He was too proud to ask his family for help and support.
He was too proud to complain.
He was too proud to notice me.
He was too proud to take
He was too proud to take the pity, the scorn that they'd heap on him.
He was too proud to take what he considered to be charity.
He was unable to hold a regular job but could unload trucks and was proud that he'd managed to buy his own television set.
He was very proud of himself
He was very proud of himself for convincing you to take me on as charity work.
He was very proud of his old virginian ancestry.
He was very proud to be in the old man's favor.
He was very proud to say,
The sunflowers strectched tall and proud to the sun.
I just can't tell you how proud we all are of you.
Barack obama promised to put aside partisan differences, restore hope to those without jobs, begin the process of saving the planet from global warming, and make america proud again.
Barack obama promised to put aside partisan differences, restore hope to those without jobs, begin the process of saving the planet from global warming, and make america proud again.
Barack obama promised to put aside partisan differences, restore hope to those without jobs, begin the process of saving the planet from global warming, and make america proud again.
Barack obama promised to put aside partisan differences, restore hope to those without jobs, begin the process of saving the planet from global warming, and make america proud again.
Oh, that's great. I'm super proud of you,
I've been proud of that.
I've been proud to call my friend for the past 15 years.
Did some things I'm not proud of.
Did you ever hear such a voice? Everyone's proud of her, dad,
Oh, this is a proud day for mommy.
Yeah, she's pretty special. I'm real proud of her.
Yeah, she's pretty special. L'm real proud of her.
He wasn't proud of himself, mom!
He wasn't proud of it, and he kept it hidden.
He wasn't proud of it.
He who secretly slanders his neighbor, him I will destroy; he who is of a haughty look and a proud heart, him I will not tolerate.
He works in eagle bearing extraordinary muguangjiongjiong proud to see the sky is not mr. li hui wanjie a vivid portrayal.
He works so hard for us. And I know you're not proud of me.
He would be proud of you, Clark.
He would be really proud to see you here.
He would have been so very proud and happy.
He would have been very proud of you. Why?
He would've been proud of you, you know.
He would've been proud that you're serving on a submarine.
He zhenliang: in seven years from now, beijing will make you proud of your decision here today.
He'd be proud of you. You know he would.
He'd be proud to get' em from you.
He'd be proud to.
He'd be so proud of you if he was still with us.
He'd be so proud of you if he was still with us. Thank you.
He'd have been so proud of you.
He'd like an interviewee to talk with him about something he or she is proud of, and to explain it in detail.
He'd really done something to be proud of now-no one could say he was just a famous name any more.
He'll be too proud of you to be upset.
Let me tell you something. I am proud of who I am.
We treat you like family and are proud that we have many return guests.
We wanna let you know that we're proud of you!
We wanna let you know we're proud of you.
We want people to know how proud this city is of the boys who went over there.
Oh, well, I'm sure your kid's real proud
Let that amazing truth sink in. You are a part of god's family, and because jesus makes you holy, god is proud of you!
Oh, well, you did the right thing. I'm proud of you.
Oh, well, you must be so proud of how you got this for your daughter.
Oh, well, you must be so proud of how you got this for your daughter.
I've done a lot of things I ain't proud of.
I've done a lot of things I ain't proud of.
I've done a lot of things I'm not proud of
I've done a lot of things I'm not proud of
I've done a lot of things I'm not proud of in my life, but proposing to you isn't one of them.
I've done a lot of things that I'm not proud of, and I don't wanna go back to that, but it wasn't all bad.
I've done a lot of things that I'm not proud of.
I've done a lot of things that I'm not proud of.
I've done much in my life that I'm not proud of.
I've done shit I'm not proud of.
I've done shit I'm not proud of.
I've done some things I'm not proud of,
I've done some things I'm not proud of,
I've done some things I'm really not proud of.
I've done some things I'm really not proud of.
I've done some things that I am not proud of
I've done some things that I am not proud of to keep you safe.
Let your kids know you are proud of them.
He's a proud breed.
He's a proud gay man.
He's a proud grandpa.
He's a proud man.
He's a proud man. Love sports.
So then, what do you think of your proud tree house now?
Oh, yeah, she was so proud when he graduated law.
Oh, yeah. I'm very proud of the work you're doing here in Houston.
The test indicates, some wild ornamental plant or coming in every shape, meet the frost and proud snow to introduce a fine variety; or the design is gorgeous, colorful, make people pleasing, have higher ornamental value.
I've got an album that I'm very proud of,
Let's get a picture. I'm so proud of you.
I've got myself a job in a call centre. Great. I'm proud of you.
He's a very proud man - I've taken his lights out four times in a row: hiring you,
He's a very proud man, your son.
I just gotta see a proud black man behind bars, too?
Oh, yes, he's very proud of his work in the big game.
Oh, yes, of course, I'm very proud indeed.
Oh, yes, of course, I'm very proud indeed.
Oh, yes, she must be proud of you. - She is really proud of me.
Oh, yes, she must be proud of you. - She is really proud of me.
Yeah, we're all proud of you.
The things of which they felt proud were jim's watch and della's hair.
Oh, you did it! I'm so proud of you!
Oh, you know me, I'm proud of my adopted nation, but I'd never stand on ceremony.
He's also the proud father of a few hundred other children.
He's always loved dance, and I'm really proud of him.
He's always made us proud -
Let's just say this used to be a town you could be proud of.
Let's keep it between us, okay? She's so proud of you.
Let's make the Co proud of us.
The town will also plant some seeds, he said. "We are very proud that our tree was selected among many cherry blossoms that represent japan," he said.
Be a man that she can be proud of. Stop ruining her final moments.
A man can be as proud of being a good waiter as of being a good actor, and in neither case feel treatened.
Yeah, we're so dad - gum proud of him, but I wish he'd hurry up and get back,
Yeah, well, I just wish she was more proud of me.
Yeah, well, I just wish she was more proud of me.
Oh, you must be very proud of your daughter.
So we all went to sleep, proud of ourselves
We were all very proud of him.
Yeah, well, he was so proud of the job that he did.
He's as proud as lucifer and would rather starve than take a penny from anyone.
Yeah, well, that's why I'm proud to be an American.
Yeah, well, you didn't kill him. You should be proud of that.
A mother only wants to be proud of her son.
A museum worker was particularly proud of this fiberglass rock, which is designed to hide improvised explosive devices or mines used against the israeli military.
Yeah, who would be so proud to know that his sons started the frigging apocalypse.
Oh, you were wonderful. I'm so proud of you.
Oh, you would be so proud of me.
We were good kids and that she was proud of us.
I just really wanted to make sure that I could be proud of you.
I've had many proud moments.
He's gonna be really proud of me in heaven.
We were proud of you before, we're proud of you now,
We were really proud of those, "says horstman."
We were so happy. He was so proud of me...
We were so proud of you.
We were so proud to have it.
We were so proud to see you. It's wonderful what .
We were too proud back then, but when I look at it
We were too proud back then.
I just saw Col. Sink. He's proud too.
I just saw Col. Sink. He's proud too.
I just saw Col. Sink. He's proud too.
I just saw Col. Sink. He's proud too.
I just thought that you were being too proud
I just thought that you were being too proud or that you were just trying to protect her,
I just thought that you were being too proud or that you were just trying to protect her,
Oh, your mama going to be so proud of you.
So we're pretty proud of the way it looks.
So we're proud to have the new girls and professional girls to
So we're proud to have the new girls and professional girls to all work together
He's gotta be proud you came here.
A once proud part of the human race, the younger generation has been described as lazy, overemotional, and disrespectful.
A once proud part of the human race, the younger generation has been described as lazy, overemotional, and disrespectful.
A part of his motivation is the need for personal vindication: wigand is not proud that he was once attracted to the situation he came to find intolerable.
I've made some mistakes in the past that I'm not proud of, but I'm not like that anymore.
I've never been more proud of you in my life...
I've never been more proud of.
We'd be proud to have you, esco's gonna be wanting his dinner,
We'd be proud to have you. Esco's gonna be wanting his dinner.
We'd be proud to have you. Esco's gonna be wanting his dinner.
So what are li yuchun's talents? She is outgoing, boyish, confident. She is neither submissive nor quiet. It is precisely her proud and unpolished imperfection that has charmed her fans.
So why the fuck would you be proud to be Irish
I just told them because I was so proud of you.
Be made an upright, proud and equally entitled national Comrade.
Be more proud of you.
Yeah, you probably should. I'm proud of you, babe.
Yeah, your gramps would be proud to see you keep it in the family.
I just took a dump a grown man would be proud of.
I just took a dump a grown man would be proud of.
A picture of themselves that they could be proud of.
A pity then, its owner should be such a proud and disagreeable man.
Be part of that proud tradition.
Be part of that proud tradition.
Be proud as I am for my entire crew and all of you, who showed the sincere desire to do good to others.
Be proud in that.
Be proud of Nathan, mother.
Be proud of him.
Be proud of it.
Be proud of that.
Be proud of this.
Be proud of your abiIity to make everything...
Be proud of your ability to make everything...
Be proud of your chosen profession. Hold up your head.
Be proud of your ruffles today.
Be proud of your sister, for once.
Be proud of your talent. "What talent?
Be proud of yourself, but don` t be stuck on yourself.
Be proud of yourself, okay, sweetheart?
Be proud of yourself. Look at that up close.
Be proud of yourself. You have done so Well.
Be proud of yourself. You have done so well.
Be proud of yourself.
Be proud of yourselves.
Be proud ofthem.
Be proud that you're not like everyone else in your social circle.
Be proud to call yourselves deviates.
Be proud to do a woman with chest and head high.
Be proud united nations gives china officers and soldiers to confer medals.
Be really proud of yourselves for making it this far.
Be she wouldn't be very proud of me right now, though,
I just want to be someone you're proud of.
Be you know proud of what you've accomplished?
Be you know proud of what you've accomplished?
I've never been so proud and so wet...
I've never been so proud of you.
He's knuckling down. You have every reason to be proud of him.
I just want to say how proud I am to have you on my arm in front of the whole high school.
I just want to say how proud I am
I just want to say how proud of you we all are.
I just want to say that I'm very proud to take over as press secretary
I just want to tell you how proud I amount of you.
I just want you to be proud of the way you conduct yourself here.
I just want you to know how proud I am of you.
I just want you to know how proud I am
I just want you to know how proud I am
I just want you to know that I was so proud of you today...
I just want you to know that I was so proud of you today...
I just want you to know that I'm proud of you...
I just want you to know that I'm proud of you...
Lift your heads. Be proud to be German.
Oh. Well proud doesn't begin to describe what I'm feeling.
The war between the statesdeeply affected the south, leaving behind proud memories-and uneasy race relations.
The wars. He'd be so proud of you.
Beautiful. I am so proud of you.
Because I am proud of my boys. But if I do,
Because I am proud of my boys. But if I do,
Because I am so impossibly proud to be your mom.
Because I am so impossibly proud to be your mom.
The woodsawyer said he would be proud and flattered to attend the citizeness.
A proud and avaricious man never rests, whereas he who is poor and humble of heart lives in a world of peace.
A proud black man, knowing that all those hours I put in at the dry cleaner
A proud day for women everywhere. Why are you worried?
A proud day for you. Yes.
A proud kid he is, though.
A proud man is always a foolish man.
A proud man, stempel stayed around detroit.
A proud mother of two soldiers.
A proud owner poses with his classic car in trinidad, cuba.
So you grew up with Nazareth, eh? You must be proud of him
So you know I was actually quite proud of you tonight,
The young man was very proud and boasted more loudly about his beautiful heart.
Thechinese admire the pioneering and enterprising spirit of the americans andtheir proud achievement in national development.
A purity of 96%. I'm proud of that figure.
I've never seen my mom more proud of me ever.
I've never told anyone, but I'm really proud of them.
I've raised you right. You make me proud
I've raised you right. You make me proud
Like a proud old - fashioned Flatiron,
Like a proud old - fashioned Flatiron,
Like a proud papa, alshehri can't stop boasting about the quality of these facilities, telling me no one in the region has a lab as good as this one.
Ohh. I'm so proud of you.
He's not going to be proud of you sister.
He's not proud of me. He's proud of Jesus.
He's not proud of me.He's proud of Jesus.
He's not proud of me? Good.
He's not that bad. Well, I'm proud of you.
So you should be incredibly proud to sing them.
So you should be proud of that as well. Okay, cool. You da man!
A recent poll in the state media found that more than 60 percent of respondents were proud the "made in china" vuvuzelas were so popular in south africa.
I've seen and done things I'm not proud of, but at some point you realize war...
I've told the Bishop how proud I am of my well - behaved children.
I've written two operas. One was done at Yale, I'm proud to say successfully,
I've written two operas. One was done at Yale, I'm proud to say successfully,
I, along with every other beta in this room, are proud to call you our brothers.
I, for one, am proud to have a friend like her!
I, for one, am very proud of you both.
I, myself, know many an individual Jew who I am proud to call friend,
I, uh - I'm really proud of you.
I, uh I'm really proud of you.
Yeah. I'm not proud of it,
He's one of those proud - to - be - nigger people. I hate those guys.
He's one of those proud - to - be - nigger people. I hate those guys.
So you're not proud at all?
We'll leave proud of the work we did.
I just wanted to come home and hug her and tell her how proud I was.
I just wanted to make you proud of me. That's all I ever wanted.
I just wanted to say I am very proud of all your hard work.
He's proud as a peacock.
He's proud of his daddy. So am I.
He's proud of his son.
He's proud of it, too. He does know something.
He's proud of me.
He's proud of the history around here, or something.
He's proud of what he did.
He's proud of you.
He's really proud of me.
He's really proud of who you are
He's so damned proud of that new wife,
He's so proud of his tears. We'll give him something to cry about.
He's so proud of me. He tells everybody.
He's so proud of that.
He's still proud of a walk - on line he had in the dark knight.
He's still proud of a walk - on line
So you're the man who wrote the truth about our bad conditions-well, put it there, I'm very proud to meet you.
So you're very proud of this project.
So your acolytes come up with ways to make you proud
So your mother must be proud of you.
Yeah. None of them I'm too proud of.
Yeah. We're totally proud of her.
Yeah. We're very proud of her.
Do a good job. I'm awful proud of you. Okay, coach.
Do a good job. I'm awful proud of you. Okay, coach.
Do a good job. I'm awful proud of you. Okay, coach.
Like he was proud of himself for sleeping with her.
Like he was proud of me, you know?
Because I know my mom would be proud of me if I did that,
Because I know that weren't proud of me.
Because I know that you weren't proud of me.
He's the kind of son a father could be proud of.
Their souls are very clean, of course I'm proud of them.
So, I just wanted to say thank you and I'm proud of you.
So, I'm proud of some of the things that we did today.
So, I'm proud of you. We're all proud of you.
So, all apologies to my uncle, but I can only hope to continue to do them proud by advertising every sexcapade and heartbreak in as loud-mouthed, ill-mannered, self-indulgent, high-strung, and profane a manner as possible.
So, are you proud of me?
So, are you proud of me?
I, uh... I'm really proud of you.
I just wanted you to be proud of me. I am. Sometimes.
I just wanted you to be proud of me. I am. Sometimes.
I just wanted you to be proud of me.
I... Am not proud of that.
I...?? I'm proud of the progress he'd made.
He's too proud not to.
He's too proud to admit he can't. You can't seduce her.
He's too proud to ask Howard again, and he won't let me.
He's too proud to be seen in public with his poorly-dressed mother.
He's too proud to lie to me.
He's too proud to lie to the infidel.
Then - and you'll be proud of us for this - somebody else started a fight.
Then I can be proud of my work
We're Ali proud of you.
He's very proud and pleased.
He's very proud of his father.
He's very proud of his son, but he also likes to poke fun at him just to get a reaction.
He's very proud of the work you're doing.
He's very proud of them, sir.
He's very proud of those
He's very proud of what he's doing.
He's very proud of you two.
He's very proud of you.
He's very proud of you. He told me so.
Okay, I'm a little proud of it.
Because I thought you would be proud of me.
Then I knew my husband would feel proud of me.
Yeah... I did things I'm not proud of.
Yeah? Be proud of yourself.
Then I should be apologizing, 'cause I'm proud of you every day.
Then I'm going to show you a hand I played last night where I was very proud of my logical reasoning which stopped me losing my stack with a great hand, where usually I would have just gone broke.
Because I was too damn proud to tell her howl really felt about her.
Because I was too damn proud to tell her howl really felt about her.
Yeah? Well, I'd be proud if I was.
So, proud Chechen shepherd, can you use thing?
So, proud of your daughter? Oh yes
I` m so proud ofyou, ani.
Iam very proud of you.
Iam very proud of you.
Identities are layered, argues mr barwell: people can be loyally british and proud of their roots.
A son is always looking for their dad to be proud of them.
Like the swallow so proud and free?
We're a proud people.
We're all mighty proud of you,
We're all mighty proud of you, proud of all you soldiers.
We're all mighty proud of you,
We're all proud members of the screen actors guild, on honorary withdrawal.
We're all proud members of the screen actors guild,
We're all proud of Gus Grissom.
We're all proud of the work I'm doing. Yes, she does fine work.
We're all proud of you, son.
We're all proud of you, son.
We're all proud of you.
We're all real proud of you for finally getting your taxi license.
We're all really proud of you. Thank you.
We're all so proud of you, David.
We're all so proud of you. Even when your movies get shit reviews,
We're all very proud of you, Ben. Thank you, Mrs. Carlsons.
We're all very proud of you.
We're all very proud of you. Oh, well, thanks.
Then he died proud of his son.
I just... I meant that I'm really proud of you.
I just... I still want you to be proud of me.
Because I'm proud and you are just like me.
Because I'm proud and you are just like me.
Because I'm proud of my work Oh, you're
Because I'm proud of my work Oh, you're
Because I'm proud of my work. - Oh, you're...
Because I'm proud of my work. - Oh, you're...
Because I'm proud of my work. Oh, you're
Because I'm proud of my work. Oh, you're
Because I'm proud of you.
If I am proud of anything...
Okay, can I just say that my deepest need in life not to have my father to say I am proud of you, eh?
Okay, can I just say that my deepest need in life not to have my father to say I am proud of you, eh?
Heard you doing good in that insurance thing. I'm proud of ya.
Hedge funds, increasingly in need of a global platform, were deserting bear's once proud prime brokerage franchise.
Helen is proud as a cock, andshe never talks to others.
Helen is proud as acock, and she never talks to others.
I kicked that for good. I know, and I'm proud of you.
I knew you were proud of him really.
I knew you were proud of him really.
I kno you have no blame for my proud moonish heart.
Do you feel proud of for me?
Do you feel proud too? No. I'm just a humble man.
Do you have accomplishments you are proud of?
Do you have any idea how proud I am of you?
Do you have any idea how proud I am of you?
Do you know how proud I am of you?
Do you know how proud I am of you?
I know I am definitely going to be proud
I know I am one. I fought for my country and I'm proud of it.
I know I know, I'm not proud of what I did. I had no choice.
I know I would have been proud of him.
I know I'm proud of you.
I know I've already said this, but I'm really proud of you, and so is mom.
I know I've given you too many reasons not to be proud of me.
We're also located near military bases and are proud to host service men and women and their families.
We're also proud to be a home away from home for those who serve in the Air National Guard and are conveniently close to the local base.
We're also proud to host folks in town for Special Ops and Parachute Rescue Training at the Tactical Air Operations Training Facility in Jamul.
We're also proud to host pipeline workers and wind farm workers.
We're as proud as punch of that, but we're equally proud of our accessible accommodations, which makes visiting Yorkshire's hot spots easy and staying here a real delight!
We're awfully proud of our community.
We're both very proud of you.
Then one of her older sisters encouraged her to make their father proud by becoming the best druid in the elven nation.
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! You're gonna be so proud of me!
I know because I proud already.
A source told the daily mirror newspaper: "britney is proud of her body-imperfections and all."
I know everybody is proud of him,
I know everybody is proud of him, but I'm not.
I know he was proud of me.
I know he would have been proud of you.
I know he'd be like really proud of me still
We're doing a show you can be proud of.
We're doing good. I'm proud of us.
We're extremely proud that the ultimate american-built sports car with its world-class performance will live on as the iconic image leader for the dodge brand.
A strong proud bald man
A strong, proud warrior...
I know he's proud of you.
Okay, look, I am not proud of my behavior.
Okay, look, I am not proud of what I have done...
I know how proud you are of me, mum.
If I have to listen to one more proud mother
Because even though I am not proud of many of his actions...
Like you, I am proud of my sobriety, perhaps more than anything else in my life.
Like, my mom is so proud of me and so happy for me.
So... I'll be proud of Matt no matter what he wants to do.
Because gentlemen, I am proud to introduce France's most vicious woman,
Because gentlemen, I am proud to introduce France's most vicious woman,
I know now, too late, that any one of his "sweet peas" would be proud to walk beside him-whistling-up a set of stairs.
Then why am I so proud of you?
Then why are you crying? Because I'm so proud of you!
Because he said I deserved everything life had to offer because he was so proud of me,
Because he wanted to share how proud he was of you.
Because he wants me to be proud of him.
Because he wants you to be proud of him. And he wants to feel closer to you.
Because he's a great guy, and I'm really proud of him.
Because if you were proud of me,
Because if you were proud of me,
Because it's not like I'm particularly proud of the fact
Because it's not like I'm particularly proud of the fact
Because it's the dance of a very proud people.
Yes, I would be proud to be your wife.
Yes, I'm very proud of him.
Yes, I'm very, very proud of her. Sweetheart...
Yes, I, I admit, I may be a proud man...
Yes, and I'm proud to say that my hiring practices
Yes, and I'm proud to say that my hiring practices are the most diverse in the country.
Yes, and I've always been very proud of you for that.
Yes, and a proud man, which is why he hasn't told you
Yes, and we're very proud of her.
I know that in the world of love walking, one day will not hold, the appearance is cool and proud woman, the heart afraid are unsatisfactory.
I know that my parents are very proud of me.
Then your heart will become proud and you will forget the lord your god, who brought you out of egypt, out of the land of slavery.
Then, when he popped his head up he had such a proud look on his face.
We're incredibly proud to be your interns, sir.
Sokka, you don't have to prove anything to me. I'm already proud of you,
Soldiers! I'm proud of you.
We're just so proud of Andre.
If I wasn't so proud of you, I'd be angry at you for...
If I were as rich as mr. darcy, "cried a young lucas who came with his sisters," I should not care how proud I was. I would keep a pack of foxhounds, and drink a bottle of wine every day.
If I were one of your boys, you'd be proud of me.
A timid cat makes a proud mouse.
I know that they can be proud of me from now on.
I know that they can be proud of me from now on.
I know that they will be raised to be proud of their fathers.
If I win, she'll know I'm good, and she'll be proud of me.
If I wouldn't know any better I'd think that he was proud of you.
Because my father used to be so proud of me, and now if I don't behave...
Because my father used to be so proud of me,
Some collectors are too proud to admit that they have been duped.
We're mighty proud of you.
We're most proud of you when you come home safe.
We're not particularly proud of.
We're proud of all of you.
We're proud of being any part we can in supporting them.
We're proud of you for just taking the fork in the road.
We're proud of you. We love you.
We're proud that our Grammy foundation fights to ensure the cultural necessity
We're proud that we can draw on our inner will.
We're proud to be a Trip Advisor Bronze Level Green Leader!
We're proud to bring together a musical icon
We're proud to host employees of Sanofi-Aventis, Glaxo Smithkline, Revlon, Keiwit, Alcoa and Place Bell Laval, to name just a few.
We're proud to host service men and women as well as their loved ones.
We're proud to regularly host employees of Adesa? Auto Auction, Duke Energy?, Equipment Technologies?, J&J, Ryder?, FedEx?, and a number of agricultural businesses, local warehouses and distribution centers.
We're proud to serve our country.
We're proud to work for you.
We're real proud of him. Real proud.
We're real proud of you
We're real proud of you.
We're really proud of her. She does a lot.
We're really proud of her.
We're really proud of the reliable and fair way this all works.
We're really proud of you, buddy. See you at the ceremony.
We're really proud of you, honey.
We're really proud of you.
We're really proud of you.
We're so grateful for baseball, and so proud of the boys.
We're so proud of you for making board of directors.
We're so proud of you kids!
We're so proud of you,
We're so proud of you, Clark.
We're so proud of you, bud.
We're so proud of you. -  proud of you
We're so proud of you.
We're so very proud of him...
We're still very proud of you.
Lincoln center is proud to welcome back all of these young hopefuls tonight
Lisa spirulina, a lesbian of indian heritage, tells me she is proud of her moustache.
I know that you're proud of me.
I know that you're very proud you're not a size two,
I know that, and I'm proud of you for it.
Listen to her saying how much she was proud of me, it just
A woman would be proud to share her life with.
I know they're just so proud of me right now,
Yes, ma 'am. I'm proud of you.
Yes, of course. And I'm sure she's just as proud of you as I am.
Yes, of course. And I'm sure she's just as proud of you as I am.
Yes, of course. And I'm sure she's just as proud of you as l am.
Yes, of course. And I'm sure she's just as proud of you as l am.
Yes, she did, and I'm not proud of it.
Yes, she does. She's just too proud to tell you.
Listen, I hope you're proud of yourself. God, I just want to get -
Listen, I hope you're proud of yourself.
Listen, I just wanted to say I'm proud of what you did.
Listen, I made a lot of mistakes. I know that. I'm not proud of myself.
I know this wasn't easy. I'm proud of you.
I know today is a proud day for you, you've really accomplished something here,
I know we had our problems, but I'm proud of you.
Her beauty not proud she colourful amorous of cool and refreshing.
Listen, I'm proud of you. I mean, to leave a job that, uh,
If dad were here, he'd be proud of me.
Yes, we do. We're very proud of you. Thank you!
Yes, we're so proud of Claire, aren't we?
We're totally proud of her.
We're very proud of her. And doing excellent work at the hospital.
We're very proud of it. You should be.
We're very proud of that.
We're very proud of this baby.
We're very proud of you.
We're very proud of you. You did a very good job.
We're very proud to announce that thanks to the hard work
We've all done things that we're not proud of.
Her family had slaves and she's proud of it? - that's not what she said.
Her father is a robillard, and those french are proud as lucifer.
Listen, it goes without saying I've always been proud of you,
Listen, the prime minister is proud of you and your men.
There are parts of my life I'm not proud of, Clark...
We've been proud of our town for a long time.
Okay. I loveyou. I'm proud of you. You've worked hard.
Listen, uh, I just wanted to say I'm proud of what you did.
Does this proud and historic little state really measure up toits potential?
Don't act so proud of yourself.
Don't be proud you are mnot MMY father
Don't be stingy at such a proud moment
Don't be too proud to ask for help.
Don't miss the highlight of Paris evening: eating out. Parisians are proud of their cuisine. And rightly so; it's world famous. Gourmet dining is one of the indispensable joys of living. You need a special guidebook to help you choose one of the hundreds of excellent restaurants. The capital of France boasts every regional specialty, cheese and wine the country has to offer. If you don't know what to order, ask for the suggested menu. The chef likes to showcase his best dishes there. Remember, you haven't tasted the true flavor of France until you've dined at a French restaurant in Paris.
Some of the women-teachers are usually proud of their position of being a diana.
Yes, you could be something I'm proud of.
Listen, you should be so proud of yourself. You have been so much fun.
Listen. Nobody is more proud than me
Okay. I'm proud of you.
There are two things that della and jim are proud of.
Listeners of all ages tend to focus on the happy ending, the stirring music, the triumphant procession with proud peter at its head.
Lithe and smiling, proud of his "boot-shaped" and blister-proof feet, he moved on exposed rock faces with the grace of a dancer and the fearlessness of a boy.
Little Jonah will be a proud member of the briar country day school
Little Sergio, we're proud of you
Little Sergio, we're proud of you
Don't you think he'd be really proud today?
Okay. My once - proud team.
We've got some fine workmanship here. Just look at the glaze. I'm sure you'll be very proud to have them.
There have only been two times in my life my father ever told me he was proud of me.
Because she liked those things. She was proud of them.
Because she liked those things. She was proud of them.
Liuyang's people are clearly proud of this heritage--a dedicated fireworks museum stands in the middle of town.
Yes. I have to say, I'm very proud of the little guy.
If he could do something I could be proud of every once in a while,
Some people are rather proud of being ignorant of such an important matter.
There is a superb choice of acommodation available and the city is proud of its many restaurants and cafes.
Aah! Oh, God! Come here! I'm so proud of you! Oh!
Aah! Oh, God! Come here! I'm so proud of you! Oh!
Yes. I'm aware of that. don't be so proud of it.
Yes. I'm proud of that.
There is always some time, monster effects driven trump up a countercharge against one's acuser and violence will be proud of, then s is that broken flowers, in racing in winds rain, using their free anger sacrifice zhanqi.
Lizzie, you got a big heart and we're very proud of you.
Her mother, on the other hand, was a proud member of the united daughters of the confederacy, a prim and proper southern lady.
Her parents are proud of her.
Her parents are proud of her.
About that poetry thing, I'm very proud of you.
We've remodeled it recently, so we're pretty proud of the way it looks.
Okay. So proud of you!
We, proud rulers of the world,
We, the Japanese are indeed proud of you
Wearing short dresses and acting age - appropriate. I'm so proud of you.
Wearing short dresses and acting age - appropriate. I'm so proud of you.
There is no visible anger, no loud cries for revenge, just silent despair and proud moments of dignity.
Weekly coming out ahead proud enemy division, several reorganize the east and thereafter make less guerilla excited.
Weeks, months, maybe even years will pass and you will be proud of your integration with aloneness.
If he'd still be proud of me.
Dont be proud you are mnot MMY father
Well I'm proud to be a grandpa.
Well I'm proud to be a grandpa.
Yes. We're proud of our work.
Yes. We're very proud of her. She's a lovely girl. Overcame a great handicap.
Yes. We're very proud of it. We're going to be in the record books.
Well done, doctor. You must be so proud of being part of an elite fortunate.
Well done, good. I'm proud of you...
Well done, son! I'm really proud of you.
Well keep it up. I'm proud of you.
Because the Lanford hotel is really proud to present
Because the Lanford hotel is really proud to present
Dora and my aunt were equally proud of me.
Dorothy will be very proud of you.
Someday you'll look back and be proud of doing this for her.
Located in a small town with small town charm, we are proud to offer personalized service and a peaceful night's sleep.
Her proud family gave her a small suitcase, which she still has, as a graduation gift.
Her remarkable body of work in film, her ongoing success as a businesswoman, and her brave and relentless advocacy in the fight against hiv/ aids all make us all incredibly proud of what she accomplished.
I know you do. I'm so proud of you.
Her voice is so amazing she'd make her momma proud
Her voice is so amazing she'd make her momma proud
Loic et Pascal Perou is proud of their slogan: 'Tradition and Innovation'.
Londoners should be proud that rich and poor are jumbled up far more than in ghettoised cities abroad.
Okay? I am really proud of you,
Okay? I am really proud of you,
Dr abdulla says human contacts are a really important part of this-and he is proud that the international universities in qatar have 85 different nationalities among the students.
If it could work only once, he'd be proud it was you.
If it could work only once, he'd be proud it was you.
I know you have no blame for my proud moonish heart.
I know you have no blame for my proud moonish heart.
I know you have no blame for my proud moonish heart.
I know you have no blame for my proud moonish heart.
I know you have no blame for my proud moonish heart.
I know you must be proud of your beauty - school education,
Dr. meade: but I'm sure any of our atlanta belles would be proud to.
Well you should be very proud of?
Yes. Your father's a proud man.
Long-lived spaniards are rightly proud that they enjoy free health care from cradle to grave.
Old pro or newbie, or proud parent passing skills on to the offspring, small basic is a seriously fun tool for programming with.
Old readers will notice that I've added a new banner to my sidebar I'm very proud to have been invited into a blogazine with some very prestigious bloggers: the daily brainstorm!
Olive, your grandpa would've been really proud of you.
Oliver, I have no doubt that your parents would be proud of the person you've become.
Here in Cambridge, we've always been proud of our athletic prowess.
Here in cambridge, we've always been proud of our athletic prowess.
Here is a selection of parr's revealing shots from vietnam and the uk, which will be displayed in an exhibition 'what would you save' held at the proud gallery, london, 17-24 may
On behalf of a grateful nation and a proud navy,
On behalf of the whole staff, I want to say we're very proud of you.
Because we are proud of who and what we are.
Because we are proud of who and what we are.
Because we both know how proud you are.
Because we both know how proud you are.
Well, I am just very, very proud of our girls this week.
Well, I am not proud of that.
Well, I am proud of you guys.
Well, I am very proud of you.
Someone you can be proud of.
Someone your mother would be so proud of.
I know you would be too proud
I know you're goanna be so proud of your...
On most night, the soldiers return unharmed, and it makes me proud to hear their muffled footsteps on the gravel as they shuffle back to their hootches.
Because we were so proud of what was happening on the ground.
Dragstrip throw - down is proud to welcome the newest member of
I know you're proud of him.
Well, I did a stretch there myself. - I'm proud of you.
I know you've been living together for - I am proud to also consider
I know your parents are somewhere proud of what you do.
I know, I have the same temper and I'm proud of it.
Because you - you work hard, and you - I'm real proud of you.
Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son.
On my food. I'm very proud of that.
Because you have a past you're not proud of?
Because you have a past you're not proud of?
Something that America can be proud of.
Something that he was proud of...
Something that really pleased them and they were proud of
Something to make them proud of me again.
Something you can be proud of.
I know, I'm not proud of my shoes either.
I know, and I'm proud of you.
Yet mr zhang is a celebrity in china. Not only does he run one of its best-known online portals, sohu.com; he is also very rich and very proud of it.
Look, Carmen, I know you're a proud woman,
Look, I am not proud of smoking.
Look, I am proud to be a South shore siren, all right? I am.
Look, I don't care how proud you are.
Look, I don't stand here a proud man, judge.
On such occasions, the proud man steps forth to meet you not with cordiality,
Because you loved how proud of you they were.
Because you should be proud of her and of yourself.
Because you want to be proud of who you are?
According to two former c. i. a.officers aninterrogator of mohammed told them that the pakistani was kept in a cell overwhich a sign was placed: "the proud murderer of 3 000 americans."
Yet proud as l am of my life's work...
Yet proud as l am of my life's work...
Because you were proud of me for, like, the first time ever,
There you go. Be proud of who you are.
Achilles felt proud of his parentage.
Because you're going to be so proud of yourself.
Because you're proud of it. And you earned it.
Because you're proud of your heritage.
Look, I just want to make something I'm proud of that I know people will like.
Look, I know you've done things you're not particularly proud of,
Look, I was so proud of you, putting yourself out there.
Look, I'm not proud of everything I've done on the job,
Look, I'm not proud of myself, but for some reason,
Look, I'm not proud of myself, okay?
Look, I'm not proud of this.
Look, I'm not proud of what I did, but I'm better now.
Look, I'm not proud of what I did.
Look, I'm not proud of what happened. I can tell you exactly why it happened, but I'm not proud of it.
Look, I'm proud of you
Sometimes I'm so proud of that kid.
Yet she is proud and will not have me.
Across the country, canadians of chinese descent are gathering to honour tradition by ushering in the year of the ox. this celebration is a wonderful opportunity to both mark time-honoured customs and share these proud commemorations with fellow canadians.
Sometimes he imagined himself proud and aloof, staring through her as though she weren't there, making it unbearable for her.
There's a group of men - of which I am a proud member -
Sometimes we act out and we do things we're not proud of.
Sometimes we act out and we do things we're not proud of.
Sometimes we do things we're not so proud of.
Sometimes we do things we're not so proud of.
Durango, Colorado is an outdoor enthusiast's paradise, and at our Durango hotel, we're proud to host travelers from around the world.
There's a lot that I am not proud of.
During the journey, uri sent his father text messages, telling him that he was proud of him.
Each employee is proud of the parlor; on the other hand, the parlor is their warm home and proud.
Each of my proud warriors has been instructed.
Each of my proud warriors has been instructed
Because you're too proud to ask.
You Should be proud of yourself
You actually mean you're proud and unashamed.
There's a work ethic the Pennsylvania Dutch in this area are very proud of.
I know. But I'm sure you're very proud of him.
I know. But I'm sure you're very proud of him.
Well, I know you would be too proud
You all know the proud tradition of our Kang high, right?
Actually, you should be proud that you have a brother who's so classically handsome.
There's always something happening in NOLA, and we're proud to host you during your stay.
I know. I just want my mom to be proud of me.
I know. I'm not proud of it.
Somewhere he's proud of?
Son, I'm proud of you.
Soo - mi, I'm so proud of you.
Soo - mi, I'm so proud of you.
Look, the truth is, I love teaching all of you, and I'm - I'm proud of you.
Hey! I'm proud of that sauce, it's delicious.
Hey! Oh, nice hunting. You should be really proud of yourself...
Earning your master's degree is an achievement of note, and I hope you are feeling proud and happy--as you deserve.
Look, this is not a proud moment for me. I mean, you should just know that.
Look, this is not a proud moment for me. I mean, you should just know that.
Look, this is not a proud moment for me.
Look, we all have relatives we're not proud of.
Hey! Want to see the one I'm most proud of?
Eating three meals a day will only let you eat a lot of protein and fat, and it will bring bad absorption and backfired proud flesh.
You always s that like it's something to be proud of,
Look, we're not proud of what we did,
Look, we've all done things we're not proud of.
Eddy is a proud homeowner. A what?
Well, I think she'd be proud that's you're not going to stop
Well, I think she'd be proud
I learned to be proud of what you do and to strive for excellence in service.
I leave you proudly, with my proud little face.
I left my expensive flat because you were too proud to live there, remember?
Hey! We're so proud of you.
Because... I am so proud to be a middleman.
You are aware of your duties, proud of your leaders
You are doing a great job. I'm so proud of you.
South africans can be proud of their white wine expertise.
Southern hospitality is our specialty and we're proud to be local ambassadors.
Spaniards were proud of having avoided an italian-style government of unelected technocrats after they gave conservative rajoy the go-ahead to introduce reform and impose further austerity.
Before the proud national flag I pledge
Well, I would've shot somebody a long time ago if I knew you'd be proud of me, dad.
Well, I wouldn't be too proud of that.
After 1 8 years of opposition, l am proud to stand before you
Look. You know, your mother and me are really proud of you.
Look.I'm not proud of this, okay, but...
Look.I'm not proud of this, okay, but...
Looking back, we are proud of our extraordinary, glorious achievements, and looking forward, we are even more confident in the splendid future of our country.
One authoritative a proud or aloof affectation of himself.
One border guard, once he got through checking my luggage, said "thank you" in heavily accented english and flashed me a big proud grin.
Beijingers feel proud that their city could host such an event.
Hey, Clark, look, I am real proud of what you did.
If she gets in there, I think she'll be proud to know you.
Eg. she is a remarkable person I am proud to know her.
Hey, I am proud of my new car. Look, I'm a politician now.
Hey, I am so proud of you, son. Thanks, dad.
Well, I'm a trash man. I'm proud of where I come from.
Well, I'm especially proud and appreciative.
Well, I'm just loving how he is and I'm proud of him, too.
Well, I'm not people, was her proud retort. I'm rosina. Only crazy people don't want my minestrone.
Well, I'm not proud of this, but...
Well, I'm proud of my dad.
Well, I'm proud of us.
Well, I'm proud of you for not cheating
Well, I'm proud of you for not fighting.
Well, I'm proud of you for not succumbing to your baser instincts.
Well, I'm proud of you for not succumbing to your baser instincts.
Well, I'm proud of you for not succumbing
Well, I'm proud of you, kid.
Well, I'm proud of you.
Well, I'm proud of you. Thanks.
Well, I'm proud to say that it's somewhere
Well, I'm still very proud of you.
Well, I'm sure he was very proud of you.
Well, I'm sure he was very proud of you.
Well, I'm sure our forefathers would be proud to know that 700 years later
Being more proud of a grandson
Well, anyway, whoever created this was apparently proud of his work.
Well, as if she'd been caught at something she wasn't very proud of.
Well, as of today, I am a proud parent.
Speaking as a woman I want to tell you how proud I am
You are looking at the proud owner of a vintage set
You are making me proud, Cathy. Very proud indeed.
You are now a proud Catholic king!
You are now a proud catholic king!
You are now the proud owner of hill top farm.
You are now the proud owner of place settings for 8,
You are proud of them? - Yes, I am.
You are proud of them? - Yes, I am.
Elaine's proud of me, Jerry.
There's not a day goes by I'm not proud to have you on my force.
Well, because I know an "ain't too proud to beg" phone call when I hear one, all right?
Well, buck, I hope you're proud of yourself.
I look back on the tour, I'm not, like, proud of it,
Hey, I'm just proud of the boy.
Hey, I'm just proud of the boy.
Hey, I'm proud of all of you.
Hey, I'm proud of it.
Hey, I'm proud of it.
Hey, I'm proud of my voting record.
Hey, I'm proud of you.
Hey, I'm proud of you. How about a frosty to celebrate?
You are so brave. I'm so proud of you.
You are so proud
Elizabeth, I am so proud of you.
One day your son will certainly be the lawyer you were always so proud of.
After all, the national health service was something of which we were all very proud, and even the opposition were beginning to be proud of it.
Well, congratulations, buddy. I'm proud of you.
If someone looks very proud or satisfied with himself, we say he looks like the cat that ate the canary.
Being proud of Christian, or Antoine.
Well, forgive for being proud of you, my... Big, strong, sensitive cop.
Hey, Manny. L want you to know I'm proud to be hooked up with you, partner.
Believing in nothing is nothing to be proud of!
Belle de jour's mother proud of 'brilliant' daughter brooke magnanti
Besides I can't help it, I'm proud of you.
Besides can't help it, I'm proud of you.
Besides can't help it, I'm proud of you.
Bessie was proud of her race.
Best Western has a proud history of providing great service in fantastic hotels.
Best wishes for u, zhou mama, thanks for supporting our jie lun. I'm sure that you're proud of him so much.
Bet she's proud of you, too, being a cop and all.
Bet you're proud of that one, huh? A little.
Bet your folks are proud of you.
Bet your people are proud you're in that uniform.
Bethany, I am so proud of you!
Better be proud of it.
Betty. I ain't never seen mama and daddy so proud as that day.
Between the kind of things people say about me and the things I'm not proud of...
Between the kind of things people say about me and the things I'm not proud of...
Emilio was clearly proud that the months he'd spent studying the forest and planning the trails had paid off.
Emmanuel is a very nice guy and I'm very happy for him because he's been fantastic. I feel proud because he's a young player and will keep improving in every part of his game. It will be difficult for me to get my place back but I am not worried.
You are strong and wise, Anakin, and I am very proud of you.
Beyond pity at seeing residents of a rich, proud country scavenging for food, hoarding bottled water and huddling for shelter on schoolroom floors, it was hard not to feel admiration as well.
Sporting its new windows tablet interface, the device is something "pcs" can be proud to tote around.
Englishmen could be proud then.
You are the proud new owner of your old house.
You are the proud owner of a miniature time machine!
You are the proud owner of a warrant for murder.
You are the proud owner of your very own rhino thing.
You are very different from other girls and it would make me proud if we...
You are very good at that! You are learning fast! I'm very proud of you!
After some years, the ant will not only, still can handstand somersaulting, make the proud possessor.
There's nothing to be ashamed of, just like there's nothing to be proud of.
Theres no point. You know how proud she is.
These are the confident words of sarah, 26, the proud owner of a first-class english degree from edinburgh university.
These europeans are proud of being maltese and sicilian.
These final samples are all plagioclase feldspars, many plagioclases are very rare, so I'm particularly proud of the variety in my collection.
These proud pigeons are the model of birdhood.
One group of researchers has found that some women chat happily and flirt, even if they have absolutely no interest in the man which is bound to make the bashful and proud even more tongue-tied.
St like the sunflower proud alive.
You be proud of that.
One making a proud or arrogant display of himself.
After the proud and vain have reveled in their youth, taken many a spoil from the world, lived in comfort and possibly opulence, where will the natural tent containing the spirit that is judged in the end go?
Enjoy the BEST WESTERN PLUS Goldsboro hotel's convenient location in Goldsboro, the proud home of the 4th Fighter Wing at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base.
Enola gay, is mother proud of little boy today
Again, I'm so proud of everyone tonight.
Again, we could've just stopped at "I'm so proud of you!
Loud and proud to be an American.
Loud and proud to be an American.
Louella Larson, proud mother to a fine and wonderful daughter, Rowena -
If that, not only he himself will have some sense of achievement, at the same time, he will let all people cheer in chorus. Whenever recalling his splendid time in life, he will feel very proud and then understand that he has not come to this world in vain.
Well, he don't look proud now, does he?
Well, he don't look proud now, does he? Are you kidding me?
Well, he must be proud of you.
Well, he was real proud of you. I could tell.
Well, he'd be proud of you, too. You know that, right?
Bingham's circus of wonders is proud to present the razor sharp skills
Love jehovah, all ye his saints, jehovah is keeping the faithful, and recompensing abundantly a proud doer.
I love modeling because it makes me feel great about myself, also I am very proud of myself that I could start to make money since I was three and I could buy my mon her birthday dinner and flowers to make her happy.
I love my Philadelphia brothers, and I'm proud to be an American,
I love my job. I'm proud of what I do. But is there more for me out there?
I love my parents to be proud of me
Lsabelle, you know l m proud of you, dont you?
Lt Trifoli, on behalf of a grateful nation and a proud navy
Lt Trifoli, on behalf of a grateful nation and a proud navy
Lt bears a proud name, doesn't it, mr. cob?
Lt's my burden and l'm proud of it, lcey.
You can all be very proud of what you've started.
You can be justifiably proud of your achievements.
You can be proud of him, son.
You can be proud of that.
You can be proud of this individual. He dares to threaten me, and look...
You can be proud
You can bet your ass he's damn proud of his little brother.
Eritreans are fiercely proud of their independence and reluctant to criticize their government, which has jailed political opponents.
Stand firm in the five-star red flag flying, forceful stands in the feelings of the national anthem, I very proud and proud.
Stand up straight. Make a line you can be proud of.
Stand up straight. Make a line you can be proud of.
Standing in a room full of television screens, li huaiyu is proud of finding his niche in the digital world.
Standing tall behind me is my captor, looking proud and cocky.
You can feel yourself a warrior of the horde, a vassal of the teutonic landmeister, or become a proud shlachta and fight for the glory of kingdom of poland.
Luoyang's maoists are proud of their activism.
Luthermuir resident and local community councillor, janette anderson, said the village was proud of the link to the royal wedding.
I love this guy. Yeah, I'm pretty proud of him.
If the election of our first african-american president didn't stir you, if it didn't leave you teary-eyed and proud of your country, there's something wrong with you.
If the election of our first african-american president didn't stir you, if it didn't leave you teary-eyed and proud of your country, there's something wrong with you.
If the french revolution were to recur eternally, french historians would be less proud of robespierre.
I love you and I am so proud of you.
I love you and I'm proud of you.
I love you and I'm proud of you.
I love you and I'm proud of you.
I love you guys. I'm so proud of you guys.
I love you, and I am proud of you.
I love you, too. And, hey, I'm proud of you.
One of the things I am most proud of is learning how to swim in my 30s.
If the public sports life had been improve, even our football team unable to rush out asia will not prevention our proud of "rejuvenation the chinese nation".
Made me proud to be South African.
Made me proud to be your boyfriend.
Mademoiselle is not proud and she doesn't mind your staying here.
They always was a proud lot,
They are all proud of studying at qinghua university.
I love you. I'm so proud of you. Love you too.
Eugene was unbelievably proud that at a young age, he had found himself in a car with barack obama on the campaign trail.
Europe's champion is justly proud of its exporters.
Make him proud to have you on his arm.
Make me proud in tomorrow's games
Make taiwan a place our children and their children will be proud to call home!
Make us feel anything but incredibly proud of you.
Make us proud of your achi evements and your conduct.
Hey, fellas. I'm real proud of the job you did in there today.
I m not that kind of woman who care to be proud in love matters.
I m so proud of you, Elisabeth.
I made a BLT. I'm very proud of myself.
I made a BLT. I'm very proud of myself.
I made a fine new world where I could be proud instead of ashamed.
Evans could barely contain his delight: 'I'm so proud of her,' he said.
Make your friends proud by teaching them some english sentences.
Make your parents proud by teaching them some english sentences. You can become an excellent teacher through tutoring your parents. Teaching is a great way to learn! Also remember, learning english can make people happier, feel younger and live longer!
Makes you glad makes you proud
One should never too arrogantly proud of your own limitations.
One should not be arrogant and haughty, but he should have a proud and unyielding character.
Blessed, wealth came; wealth to, food and clothing on the beautiful; food and clothing for beautiful, proud heart is generated; proud heart to produce, will act debased and move paradox.
Stay close to Camp Pendleton at this Oceanside hotel, where staff members are proud to serve military and government workers.
Making sure that you respond in a way you can later be proud of will prevent you from being thrown off course if your counterpart is being openly hostile.
Ah, I'm so proud of you.
Ah, I'm so proud of you.
Even if the fall are also proud smile!
One we can be proud of.
Bob confides further: they'd waited until after his law degree to get married and then they'd had three kids, and now there are five grandkids-he's so proud of them all.
One who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
One who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat.
Mama's chairman of the red cross appeal Committee. We're very proud of her.
They are proud of it coming from the door?
They are proud of the medicine.
They are proud that she is doing well at school.
They are proud to be members of the chinese calligraphers association.
I made it up to her. Although I'm not super proud of how I did that either.
Man, I am so proud of you - keeping it real, walking in the crappy dog park,
Man, I am so proud of you.
Even the wealthy and proud swiss are suddenly nervous.
Even though I don't have much or I'm not so great, I am so proud that I don't grovel to others.
Even though I've forgotten what I learnt, I am still proud to have once known it.
I made some choices I'm not particularly proud of.
I made some choices I'm not particularly proud of.
Boston legal 1x17 death be not proud
Boston legal 1x17 death be not proud
Both china, then, and the west have much to be proud about.
If they do, the takeover of the journal will eventually be seen not as the dismantling of a proud journalistic culture but as the creation of a sturdy new one
Even today, battered by recession, deep in debt, mired in war, americans remain proud of their country, and justly so.
Every inch a proud mother: karishma, mother of 6-month-old george the elephant enjoys a mid morning snack
Man, as your coach, this is the most proud moment
Man,I am so proud of you -
Man,I'm proud of you.
Man,she was proud of you.
Many are even proud of this, in the same way some new yorkers are actually proud of living in the most unlivable city in america.
Many are even proud of this, in the same way some new yorkers are actually proud of living in the most unlivable city in american.
Hey, grandpa. I'm proud of you, son.
Hey, great job out there. I'm proud of you.
Hey, great job out there. I'm proud of you.
Ah, well, we are very proud of our heritage...
Only the best for the proud men and women of the SRU.
Well, in a perfect world she'd be able to tell you she was proud of you.
Well, in a perfect world she'd be able to tell you she was proud of you.
You can stand proud knowing you are members
You can understand why we're proud to be celebrating our family's anniversary this weekend.
I may be a strong, proud black woman, but I'm a lot more than that.
I may be a strong, proud black woman, but I'm a lot more than that.
Both of you should be proud of yourselves no matter what.
Both owned it. I could not be more proud of you.
Both owned it. I could not be more proud of you.
Ah, you must be so proud of your disciple here.
Ah, you must be very proud of your daughter.
Ah, you must be very proud of your daughter.
Ah, you proud of that?
Ah, you proud of that?
Ah... You must be so proud of him.
Ah... You must be so proud of him.
Many of us are proud to be here...
March yourself all proud off to court,
Marcia is a proud woman.
Marine Corp Band, we are proud to be a military town (Photo by Wollwerth Imagery)
Marivel found the proud gentleman sitting by the fire in his great hall, miserable and alone.
You can't imagine how proud he is of you.
Well, it's been a crazy week, uh, but I am proud to introduce
Every right-thinking American would be proud of them.
Boy,I'm proud of you! Mr.President! Mr.Vice president.
Boys, I'm really proud of you you've done an amazing thing for gay marriage rights.
Boys, I'm really proud of you you've done an amazing thing for gay marriage rights.
Bragging about how proud she was to be married to one.
If they were really proud of this, then why do they go to such extreme measures hiding it?
If they're proud of their tower, I'm proud of my pipes.
Hey, it was a good play, and I'm proud of you.
Still, arsenal's status as the last english-owned club of the big four was something it was quietly proud of, and will be sorry to lose.
Still, you must be very proud of her following in your footsteps.
Well, it's not something that I'm proud of.
They both were proud and shy and anti-social.
Everyone asked to hand them over. But my grandparents saved those people. I was always proud of that.
Everyone asked to hand them over. But my grandparents saved those people. I was always proud of that.
Everyone is so proud of him.
Everyone was very proud of him.
Bright light, go to the lavatory not only oneself, still can give a person feel proud and elated, coruscate and kind and friendly impression.
If today was the first time you've felt that I was proud of you,
If we are ever to come out of the darkness, we have to be proud -
If you are a proud owner of an android phone and also a heavy alarm clock user, you will know that the default alarm clock app in android phone does not provides you with lot of options, especially the ringtone.
If you are not proud about his fact...
Hey, sounds like a project I'll be proud to put my name on.
Hey, you are so brave. Your dad would be really proud of you.
Hey, you know, George, I am really proud of you.
Hey, you should be proud of me.
Hey,guys,I'm proud of you.
Well, lets just say I was proud to have you as my dad for the night.
Well, listen, we're so proud of you. You're making history,
They couldn't have been more proud of their son.
They disrespected a proud Italian heritage
They even display their evilness right on their logo because they're proud of it.
They feel proud of what they do.
I mean I - I'm not proud of it but, I really am.
I mean I'm proud of you, yes, but you are degrading yourself
I mean I'm proud of you, yes, but you are degrading yourself to prove to me you're an independent woman.
Mary didn't like it when the other girls said she was proud and lazy, but when they said she told fibs it was the last straw that broke the camel's back and she told the teacher.
They go out dressed only in their underwear showing off extremely large tummies, which they seem to be very proud of.
Ex-Ranger. Lauren was very proud of that.
Britain has a proud history of antarctic exploration.
Britney spears shows off a tattoo on her lower back, but she was less proud of one near her neck.
Britons are proud of their armed forces.
Bro, I'm proud of you!
Hey. Elizabeth, I am so proud of you.
Well, now that's something I'm not real proud of.
You care if people are healthy, or are you too proud for that?
You could be awfully proud of them .
You could go away, and grow almost out of knowledge, and never come to tell your poor old friend how fortunate you were, proud lad!
You couldn't have done any better. We're so proud of you.
You did a good job. I'm extremely proud of you.
You did a good job. I'm really proud of you.
You did a good job. I'm very proud of you.
You did a good thing down there. I'm proud of you.
You did an amazing job. You should be well proud of yourself.
You did everything well, I am proud of you
You did great. I'm very proud of you. Now daddy will take you, okay?
You did it. I knew you could. I'm so proud of you.
You did it. I'm proud of you.
You did it. I'm so proud of you.
You did so good. I'm so proud of you.
You did so well. I'm so proud of you.
You did the right thing. I'm proud of you, Wally.
You did well, I'm proud of you.
You do great. We're proud of you. We're proud of you every day.
You do know I should be very proud to have you as my son - in - law,
You don't drop the "n" word on a proud black man.
Or like to men proud of destruction defy us to our worst.
Or maybe I should be proud of my ability to rationalize.
Or maybe I should be proud of my ability to rationalize.
Or maybe begging me in her own proud way to like it.
Hey. I'm finally doing something that I'm proud of.
Hey. I'm proud of you, son.
Brom would be proud of you.
Brom would be proud of you.
Hi my love. I just want to tell you that I'm proud of you.
Or proud that they actually managed...
Or proud to be Italian or American or anything?
Or proud, honey. I'm so proud of you.
They have a proud and confident look to their walk.
May I congratulate you? They have a lot to be proud of.
Brothers, I know how proud everybody is
They have nothing to be proud of.
You don't even know how proud I am of you.
May I not be proud of that?
May your mother be proud of you?
Maya ought to be proud of him.
Maybe I should be proud of myself.
Maybe I should be proud of myself.
All in all, the president concluded, his national-security team could be proud of a piece of "well-executed diplomacy" using "all elements of national power".
All in all, we're proud of the change we've brought to washington in these first hundred days but we've got a lot of work left to do, as all of you know.
All john reed "s violent tyrannies, all his sisters" proud indifference, all his mother "s aversion, all the servants" partiality, turned up in my disturbed mind like a dark deposit in a turbid well.
All john reed "s violent tyrannies, all his sisters" proud indifference, all his mother "s aversion, all the servants" partiality, turned up in my disturbed mind like a dark deposit in a turbid well.
Excuse me, it's not racist to be proud of the heritage
Excuse me, it's not racist to be proud of the heritage that you're trying to preserve, will.
Well, she'd be proud of you.
Well, sir, I'm just - I'm just proud that I was there.
Build me a son, o lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when he is afraid; one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
Build me a son, o lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when his afraid; one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
Build me a son, o lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when his afraid; one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
Build something that I can be proud of.
Stroeve had always been very proud of his taste.
Strong, proud and united, the people of st petersburg are the modern heroes of russia.
Strong, proud and united, the people of st. petersburg are the modern heroes of russia.
Struggler on the field, we are proud of you forever.
Burt Hartman, proud mayor of this little slice of paradise.
You don't have to say anything. I'm so proud of you.
You don't have to win anything for mom to be proud of you.
All of Germany today will see its sons marching in you with proud joy!
Or were you so proud of your keeps that you just want to find.
All of metro is proud to have you as part of our family, Cole.
Well, that's great. We're proud of you.
They must be really proud of you. And they have less now than they did 20 years ago.
They must be so incredibly proud of you.
They must be very proud of you.
They must be very proud of you. What's your name?
Hilter was once as proud as a peacock.
Hiromi ikeuchi, a divorce counsellor in tokyo, says some men are proud of having a chaste marriage.
I mean, I try not to think about them. I'm not proud of that.
I mean, I was so proud of him.
I mean, I'm not proud of that,
I mean, I'm proud of her, I love her to death,
I mean, I'm proud of you and all, but...
I mean, I'm proud of you but you are hysterical.
I mean, I'm proud of you but you're just terrible.
I mean, I'm really proud of you.
I mean, I'm really proud of you. That's really, really, really great.
Exxon Refinery employees regularly stay with us, and we're also proud to be a home away from home for service men and women in town with the National Guard.
F. lucy was proud of her wonderful cooking skill, and it was pardonable.
But I 'm - I' m - I 'm... Really proud of you.
But I `m sure he would have been proud of the army we`ve built for him.
But I aIso can't say how proud I am of both of you all
But I aIso cant say how proud I am of both of you all
Well, that's what I'm proud of.
Or, I'm really proud of your creativity.
Faced the Allosaurus and gone home proud that they cheated death.
Ordinary, and proud of it. That's what I am.
I mean, I'm very proud to be a forensic anthropologist.
I mean, I't proud of the person I became.
I mean, I've done shit to guys that I'm not proud of.
I mean, all the parenting books say - I am so proud of you.
You don't think I'm proud of you, son?
You don't think I'm proud of you?
You don't understand. He's a proud man.
All part of a team. I'm very proud of them.
Well, they certainly look badass on paper, but you know, I look at my resume, and I'm proud of what I've done, but also recognize that there's a lot of things that I'm not the best person to do.
Well, they're lucky you were there. I'm proud of you, honey.
I mean, he was pretty proud of that.
Succeed and stand proud among my Titans!
Such a public self-examination cannot have been easy for a firm proud of having weathered the financial crisis well.
Such a public self-examination cannot have been easy for a firm proud of having weathered the financial crisis well.
Such icons of the old west still have a proud place in everyday new mexican life.
His business in a continuous line, but as he was enormously proud of one's success, development bottleneck, his leather understanding close to zero.
You ever told him you were proud of him.
They said they were proud to be arguing before the country's top court and to have the opportunity to tell the justices about the rights violations they say sex-trade workers encounter every day.
Well, we're all proud of you.
Well, we're all very proud of the school.
You expect me to say I'm proud of it, I want you to spend your life there?
They sit on his floor as proud as kings but without a...
Suncor recognizes that our employees and retirees are "stepping up" to the challenge of meeting community needs, and we're proud to assist those efforts.
Well, whatever I am, I'm proud to be it.
Well, whatever happens, you have at least one proud mother
His father was quite naturally very proud of him.
His father was strict, pompous, proud of his minimal
You gave it all you got and I am proud of you.
I mean, of course, but we are a team now. You are so proud of us.
I mean, of course, but we're a team now. You're so proud of us.
Well, you don't have to sound so proud about that.
If you want to sit this one out, it's totally fine by us. We're proud of you anyway.
If you want to sit this one out, it's totally fine by us. We're proud of you anyway.
But I am proud of Annie.
But I am proud of what I am doing here
But I am proud of what I am.
But I am proud of what I have accomplished...
But I am proud of what you've become.
But I am proud of you for sticking up for your mother.
But I am proud of you, Lolita.
But I am proud of you.
But I am proud to announce
But I am proud to announce that after ten long years,
But I am proud to say
But I am proud tonight in honor of the television Academy's 60th anniversary
But I am so proud of the man you are.
But I am so proud of you all.
But I am so proud of you, son.
But I am so proud of you.
But I am so proud to say that it is right here,
But I am sure you'll be proud that you saved this urn that was in my bag
But I am very proud of myself.
They wave it around, because they are proud of their idea and determined to defend it.
Sure she's real proud of you
Sure wasn't proud to see how I turned out.
Sure wasn't proud to see how I turned out.
Our Allen Park hotel is near the Ford World Headquarters and is proud to regularly host its employees, as well as employees from Marathon?, DTE? and US Steel, to name just a few.
Sure! I'm so proud of Tae - il, my Sohn in law!
Sure. Darned big job, Steve. I am proud of you.
Sure. Darned big job, Steve. I am proud of you.
But I can say that I'm really proud of my team,
But I can tell you that, I am very proud of the work we've done here today.
All right, I am so proud of all of you.
Fantastic facilities We're proud of our top-class teaching and learning facilities which include a 24-hour library (the largest academic library in the South West) as well as 24-hour computing services and virtual learning solutions allowing 24 hour access to lecture notes and teaching materials.
Fantastic facilitiesWe're proud of our top-class teaching and learning facilities which include a 24-hour library (the largest academic library in the South West) as well as 24-hour computing services and virtual learning solutions allowing 24 hour access to lecture notes and teaching materials.
Farmers are rightly proud of their swift embrace of innovation.
Farrah, I'm proud of you. All the best to you.
But I couldn't be more proud of him.
But I couldn't be proud of everything you accomplished here.
But I didn't feel proud for myself, either.
But I do know I'm proud of you,
But I do know I'm proud of you,
But I do know he's very proud of having gotten in on his own.
But I don't feel any shame at all! I'm as proud as ever!
But I don't feel any shame at all! I'm as proud as ever!
But I feel proud of the spirit.
But I gotta say, I'm really proud of you, honey.
But I guess I'm just too proud to ask for help.
But I happen to be a very proud American.
But I have been proud of her since the day she was born.
But I hope you're as proud of your friend as I am.
But I just wanted to say that I'm proud of you.
But I know how much work she puts in and I'm so proud of you.
But I know they're already so proud of me,
But I know you're a little bit proud of me.
Well, you should be very proud of it.
Well, you sure did. Are you proud of yourself?
Well, you'd be very proud of him.
Well, you'd win that bet. But I'm just saying, I'm proud of us. You know?
Well, you're a proud and frugal man.
They were proud Americans.
They were proud of me for, like the first time.
Well, your father must be very proud of you.
Me and jaden watched like proud big bros.
Me and my proud stubbornness
Me and your grandpa are so proud of you, Caine.
Our Mississauga hotel is proud to host attendees of any nearby event.
Our Quebec City hotel is also proud to host employees of Quebec Metro High Tech Park, Universit Laval, and local business companies collaborating with the government.
Our San Antonio hotel is less than 1.50 miles from UTSA, and we're proud to host those who serve.
His memory has faded. But he remains proud of the role he played in chinese-american relations.
His mom cried, and some women won't date him, but the eldest child of seven is proud of his decision to remain childless.
If you work in a creative field, you will find the period of may 8 to may 13 quite special for wrapping up an important creative project you can be proud to show.
Me too! I'm so proud of you!
Me, too, eh, mum? I made you proud today.
They were so proud of her.
They were so proud of me,
They were so proud when I told them that you were doing okay.
Feel proud about what you've done.
Feel real proud of yourself, don't you? Excuse me?
Feel real proud of yourself, don't you?
Well... Atta boy. I'm proud of you.
Well... I'm still proud of you.
Surrounded by forests and water, Stockholm has the feel of a small town. The royal capital of Sweden is actually a collection of islands linked by bridges. To the east, the Baltic Sea bustles with ferries and ships. To the west, Lake Malaren provides plenty of space for water sports and sailing. Stockholm's residents seem to be more a part of a small community than a sophisticated European city. But they are intensely proud of their city.
Susan whitehead is the proud mom to 4 children!
Suwon is indeed proud of its toilet heritage and boasts dozens of designer public restrooms that are kept as clean as possible.
His own design. It got a bit of mocking in the caffs, of course. But it made the drivers professional, proud of what they were doing. And it made stobart's different and famous.
Swallow your pride I'll make you proud
Swedes are proud that their economy has thrived on the outside.
Sweetheart, you're gonna be proud of me.
Sweetheart, you're gonna be proud of me.
Sweetie, that's great. I'm proud of him.
Sweetie, that's great. I'm proud of him.
Well? She's lovely, I'm very proud of you.
Welloff people, proud that their eldest son was in the navy.
Men fall in love with women whom they will be proud to introduce to their friends and family.
His proud creation lives on.
Feeling proud and happy? You have the right to be with you brand? New baby boy.
Feels good to be proud of who you are! Now I don't think I need to tell you there's a lot of hate out there.
You guys should be extremely proud of yourselves.
You had an old and lofty reputation for honesty, and naturally you were proud of it--it was your treasure of treasures, the very apple of your eye.
All right, nice job, everyone. I'm very proud of you.
Werre so proud of you.
Merial is also proud to sponsor the merial veterinary scholars program ( www.merialscholars. Com), providing biomedical research opportunities for veterinary students.
Merrill lynch, once a proud independent company whose bull logo adorned the main streets of middle america, was forced to sell itself to bank of america.
His uncle, proud and unbending, refused all help that was offered him.
His untidy beard, thick grey hair and dark eyes gave him a wild, proud look but his face as white as ash.
Our hotel in Latta, SC is also proud to host service men and women here for business with the Bennettsville and Marion, SC National Guard stations.
Our hotel is proud to supply our guests with free high-speed Internet.
You have a lot to be proud of for sure.
They worked it, I'm proud of you guys, so, so proud.
You have done fabulously, and I'm so proud of you.
Hmm, bet you're real proud of yourself thinking that one up. You probably dated one of them.
Hmm. - I was proud to have you as my crew.
What I did next I'm not proud of.
What I did next I'm not proud of.
What I do know is that he loved me and he was proud of me,
But I think I'm most proud
But I think being a bunny is something to be proud of,
But I think mom would be proud of you just for being you.
But I think the great dimaggio would be proud of me today.
They'd be real proud
Fiercely proud flag bearers for the catalonian region of spain, barca perennially battles with archrival real madrid to be the country's top team.
All right, two tens, a 29, obviously, plenty to be proud of.
What I'm trying to say is that I'm proud of you.
What I'm trying to say is that I'm proud of you.
Michele bachmann says she is proud never to have voted for raising the debt ceiling in the past.
Hold on, pal. I am very proud of my wife's success.
I mean, you're so proud and... Sexy.
But I think you'd be proud of me.
What a day to be proud of my girIs.
You have made us very proud tonight.
You have no idea how proud of you I am.
You have pulled off something amazing. You should be proud in a way.
If you're not proud of me.
If you're serious about heading home, I'd be proud to give you a lift.
If you're so proud of being a mutant, where's your mark?
If you're so proud of being a mutant, where's your mark?
Fine children and a place in the world l feel proud of...
Our proud island
Our proud tradition that sent you to your death.
Our proximity to the Black Hills is a big draw for many guests, and we are proud to be the best chain hotel in the area.
If you're willing to stick your family's proud name on him,
But I was always so proud of you that you had become a nun.
But I was proud of him that night.
But I was really proud that I was being requested.
All right. - I'm so incredibly proud of you, Edgar.
But I was still proud of you.
But I will tell you that I could not be more proud of each and every one of them.
Our son is going to be so proud of his beautiful and talented mother.
But I'd be proud if I was number one instead of two.
But I'd be proud to sit here and say that I did.
Iiim very proud of you.
Iim very proud of you.
Iim very proud of you.
Iim very proud of you.
You have to be proud of where you come from.
But I'm incredibly proud to be working with you
But I'm incredibly proud to be working with you
You have to give American know, something to be proud of.
Imagine working at a sweatshop and not even being proud of what you're making.
Midrand very proud that the local municipality a two presidents.
Honey, I am so proud of you.
Honey, I am so proud of you. Oh.
Honey, I am so proud of you.
Honey, I have no reason to be anything but proud of you.
Honey, I have no reason to be anything but proud of you.
Milan jovanovic has spoken about how quickly he and his family have settled into liverpool and revealed how proud he would be for his children to pick up the scouse accent.
Miley cyrus is a proud new home owner miley cyrus gossip.
All saw the measures as an attempt to impose a national identification card and database system-with nasty overtones of nazi germany-on a people rightly proud of their individual freedoms.
Honey, I'm really proud of you, OK?
Honey, I'm really proud of you, OK?
Honey, I'm so proud of you giving up working,
Honey, I'm so proud of you giving up working,
But I'm not proud of it.
Our very own proud kamikaze!
Ours is a proud city, a city I'm proud to serve
But I'm not too proud to be candid.
But I'm proud of him.
But I'm proud of it anyway.
But I'm proud of the way I played.
But I'm proud of us. And we'll be all right. Don't worry about us.
But I'm proud of who I am,
But I'm proud of you. What you've accomplished, you're amazing.
But I'm proud that each of you have become the kind of man that I could never be.
But I'm proud to be his pastor.
But I'm quite proud of those accomplishments. I can die happy.
But I'm really proud of who you are.
But I'm really proud of you, and so is mom.
But I'm really proud of you.
But I'm really proud of you.
Mine was only proud of the fact that I could wiggle my ears.
Mine's never been proud of anything with me.
I must say he has no reason to be proud of his heart.
I myself was a dentist. I was proud to be a dentist.
I myself was a dentist. I was proud to be a dentist.
Miss Chantal is too proud not to blush one day at such a lie.
Imperious harkenraz is proud of his skills as a death knight and enjoys nothing more than one-on-one contests with other heroes known for their fighting ability.
But I'm sure any of our Atlanta belles would be proud to...
But I'm sure he would have been proud of the army we've built for him.
But I'm sure they're proud of what I do and I'm proud of what they do.
But I'm very proud of you, gaylord.
But I've also never been more proud of her.
First thing you wanna know about hippogriff is that they` re very proud creatures.
First thing you wanna know about hippogriff is that they` re very proud creatures.
First, I want to tell you how proud weare.
Miss him... But be proud of him.
Miss li paid the year before last was employed as a senior corporate secretary, making her the envy of friends and family greatly, but also proud of her own for quite a long time.
Mississippi will be proud of you. You've struck a blow for the white man.
But I've been so proud of you lately,
But a proud man doesn't hide where he comes from.
You helped me be somebody that I was more proud of.
All the employees in the company will be proud of you.
Fisherman is leisurely, unrestrained by customs and rites, proud and aloof. These meanings are the very important carriers for the expression of their hermit affection.
Tannoy is proud to present its studio monitor range.
What are you most proud of in your life?
What are you most proud of?
What are you most proud of?
All this stuff that I saved, that I'm so proud of Just reminds me of my failures.
All this stuff that I saved, that I'm so proud of... Just reminds me of my failures.
All those bands would be so proud ofs of the horns.
Almost by definition, and certainly by force of circumstances, this is an inherently tricky phase in the country's proud and long history; and its consequences extend well beyond the 85 million egyptians eager both to harvest the fruits of their inspiring revolution and to avoid a slide into civil conflict.
Alow yourself to be happy and proud of your progress.
But after doing it, I was so proud of myself
But after doing this, I will always be proud of myself.
But after this week, I'm so proud of him.
Mixing business and pleasure. - I would be so proud to help you.
Mixing business and pleasure. - I would be so proud to help you.
Mm - hmm. I'm proud of this whole town.
Over the last six months. No, I'm particularly proud of, but...
But anyone who's proud of being a criminal, with blood in his eye...
You just keep your chin up and be proud of who you are.
Five-starred red flag, I am proud of you.
But are too proud to ask.
But aren't you proud of me? I mean, I did what you said.
Hot dog! I'm so proud of you.
Flash, loud, proud and stupid.
Teachers were shepherding proud parents into the hall.
In a Halloween sense. I'm a fan, I'm proud of it.
In a Halloween sense. I'm a fan, I'm proud of it.
In a country once proud of its success-driven 'salarymen,' managers are grappling with a new phenomenon: many young workers are shunning choice promotions--even forgoing raises--in favor of humdrum jobs with minimal responsibilities.
But as my proud ancestors, the Choctaw, say...
They're even sort of proud of 'em.
What do gay men have to be proud of?
Overall, I'm proud of how I played.
Mom and dad are going to be proud new parents!
They're looking down from heaven right now, and they're proud of you?
Overthe course of mr. stevens's day, it becomes clear that he is a manwith more tasks than time. It's also clear that he's proud of hiswell-regarded institute and that he cares about students.
I need you to know that I spend every day of my life proud to be your son.
In a proud afro-american way.
In a proud afroamerican way.
Mom would be so proud of you.
They're proud of you.
They're proud to have me come to their school for career day.
You know I couldn't be more proud of you, right?
Tell her how proud I am of her and take her to the track!
Tell her you're proud of her.
Mom's too proud to ask for help.
Mom, what are you doing -  - I am so proud of you.
Mom, you did well. I'm so proud of you
Mom, you did well. I'm so proud of you
But caroline will not be so easy lying down, just like dorothy with the lion, scarecrow and tin to help people like caroline's "friends group" quickly emerged, but this is a proud black cat and the 3 ghost, so people have to start a war magic.
For all america's anxieties about its decline as a superpower, its deficits and its weak economy, it can still be proud of its strength as an innovator.
For all of the grenadiers, trooping the colour will be a proud moment.
They're so proud of me.
They're still repressed and denied in a shameful attempt to "americanize" them against their will and destroy their proud cultures doing it.
Although I'm a scot, I'd be proud to be called a scouser.
Although having loved, cried, succeeded and failed with depressed, I would be proud of these when looking back. It s because I had bravely faced all of it with frank and forthright once.
Although he's a hunter, he's never too proud to scavenge.
Moments I was really proud and really excited.
Mommy, mommy, I'm very proud of my trees. I'd love for you to come see them.
But discontented though they may be, iranians are for the most part quite proud of their nuclear programme, seeing no reason why so ancient and grand a nation should not have nuclear weapons.
Tell me how proud you are shifu!
Tell me how proud you are, Shifu!
Tell me how proud you are, shifu!
Although it is an age of information now and maybe you don't need to use your pen to express yourself, please often pick up a pen to write. Believe me, one day you will be proud of your good words.
You know I'm proud of you
You know I'm proud of you, don't you? Yes, sir.
You know I'm proud of you, don't you? Yes, sir.
You know I'm proud of you
You know I'm very proud and excited about your project
You know he proud of you, right?
Money I'd ve give her if she hadn't been too proud to ask for it.
Monsters, I'm so proud of you, I could cry,
Montanans, I'm proud to be with you on the fourth of july.
Although the manufacturers of the ak-47 are proud that america likes the gun enough to support its piracy, they are outraged at the loss of profit.
You know he's a proud man.
Although there is an information age you might express yourself without writting please use your pens to write from time to time. Believe me one day you would be proud of having a good hand.
Although we were reasonably prosperous, we were not the typical bourgeois family, and we were proud of being different.
You know how proud I am of you, right?
You know how proud I am of you, right?
You know how proud Keith must be of you right now?
You know how proud Keith must be of you right now?
You know how proud he was of that.
You know how proud keith must be of you right now?
You know how proud we are of you?
You know how proud your father would have been?
Tell me you're proud of that filth.
For breakfast we are proud to serve a delicious, full selection of hot waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage, toast and more.
For chinese men proud of international sports stars like yao ming in basketball and the hurdler liu xiang, the soccer team endures as the ultimate symbol of humiliation.
But first, are you proud of being
Althoughthe translators are proud of their work, few would dare list it ontheir resumes.
Always a good provider and proud of it.
Always been proud that square spread itself by word of mouth, that you do not need a sales force to grow the business.
Tell my boys... That I'm proud of them.
But for many people this has involved an upending of the natural order of things, with young men with flip-charts wandering into proud firms and telling veteran managers what to do.
But for many people this has involved an upending of the natural order of things, with young men with flip-charts wandering into proud firms and telling veteran managers what to do.
Pakistan is also itself the world's second most populous muslim nation, with a proud tradition of tolerance and moderation, now under threat from the extremists on its fringes.
Tell them I am a very proud father.
You know me, I'm a proud man.
You know most women are proud to be called grandma.
I never felt proud of being what I am.
Palin said she was proud to accept the invitation to run alongside john mccain in the general election in november.
Palin said she was proud to accept the invitation to run alongside john mccain in the general election in november.
Parade in 2009 has already been confirmed, we look forward to your co-once again feel the blood boiling, the motherland once again a strong and proud once again to our hero sons of the people who cry!
I never knew his name. She was all proud of it. Well, did you ever get a look at him?
You know that I'm proud as punch
You know that I'm proud as punch
But good job, son, I'm proud of you.
Think back, dad a minute ago - how proud you were of me.
Think she'd be proud of you saying things like that?
I never saw a kid so proud of himself.
I never understood how people could be so proud
Always so proud of how he was doing.
Always the proud soldier.
Am I making you proud of me?
I no longer know who you are but I am proud of for you.
Parisians are proud of their cuisine.
Parliament is full of people who are proud to have little or no understanding of the eu.
Think you're proud to give me your bloody money?
Think you're proud to give me your bloody money?
But he didn't. He made you strong. He made you feel proud of that darkness.
Am I proud of having served in that outfit? You bet your life.
Am I proud of it? If I had my life to do over, would I do it again?
Am I proud of it? If I had my life to do over,
Am I proud of that? No.
Particularly proud of what you're doing.
Moreover, their families would be proud of them through countless generations.
Moreover, they have a strong sense of nationhood which helps them smooth over the minor frictions within the country. The swiss people are always proud of being swiss.
Amazing things, these Ironsides of yours. Amazing. You must be very proud of them.
Amazing. I was so proud of him.
How bold of you. But then you are a pretty proud bunch, aren't you?
How can I be proud of a son who ignores everything that I taught him?
How can I be proud of a son who ignores everything that I taught him?
How can I be proud of you when your inventions are being used for murder?
How can I be proud of you when your inventions are being used for murder?
How can anyone be proud of giving birth to someone like that?
Patience Phillips, I've never been so proud of you.
America has a proud history of drinking on the job.
America has a proud history of drinking on the job.
Americans are proud of their variety and individuality, yet they love and respect few things more than a uniform, whether it is the uniform of an elevator operator or the uniform of a five-star general. Why are uniforms so popular in the united states?
This Neenah hotel is proud to regularly host travelers in town with Plexus?, Kimberly-Clark, Bemis? and Oshkosh Corporation?.
Most founders are proud of their creations, and would much prefer to see them prosper in the future, almost as a form of legacy.
For indeed the day comes, burning like a furnace, and all the proud ones and all the ones who act wickedly will be stubble; and the coming day will set them ablaze, says jehovah of hosts, so that it will not leave them root or branch.
People are certainly proud to be working in leed buildings, "notes gravas.
Among our proud alumni are dr. martin luther king, jr.; herman j. russell, who became a multimillion-dollar businessman; walt frazier, who played for the new york knicks, and maynard jackson, twice the mayor of atlanta.
People in hengyang are proud of the xiang river.
People in quanzhou are proud of qingyuan mountain.
People in shiyan are proud of mt. wudang.
People in the motherland are naturally proud of the achievements of these people who share their blood, skin color and family names.
People in wuhan are proud of the yellow crane tower.
People in zunyi are proud of the meeting zunyi.
How can you not feel proud of for me?
But he is not proud of it at all.
But he is proud of it.
Among whom I was proud to include myself.
Amritsar is the spiritual and cultural center of the Sikh religion, and they are rightfully very proud of the city and their very beautiful and unique Gurdwara, their place of worship.
For interest, in english I, chemistry, language these three subjects, and teachers often have to make themselves proud achievements.
For me it was a big step. I'm very proud of you.
People should not be arrogant, but proud and can not do without.
Amy: that's wonderful. I'm proud of you. You're a great artist.
An accountant by training, with a penchant for porsches and proud owner of the personalised number plate t1 ner, the former fsa boss has since been recruited by the financial entrepreneur clive cowdery to run a newly floated business that aims to buy up financial businesses laid low by the credit crunch.
An american-born muslim of palestinian descent, he was deeply dismayed by the wars in iraq and afghanistan but proud of his army job.
Most of all, I resented how proud she was of her life.
Most of all, I resented how proud she was of her life.
Most of what I did I'm proud of
Most of what I did I'm proud of
Most people aren't proud of sixth place ribbons.
Terrific... Are you ready for an audience with the proud parents?
But he was proud and sensitive enough.
But he was proud of his american passport and dreamt of coming back after completing medical school.
But he was too proud to ask.
For once in my life, I'm actually proud of something you're doing.
For once in my life, I'm actually proud of something you're doing.
For that... I'm really proud of you.
For the house - proud couple,
For there was never proud man thought so absurdly well of him self, as the lover doth of the person loved; and therefore it was well said, that it is impossible to love, and to be wise.
For there was never proud man thought so absurdly well of himself, as the lover doth of the person loved;
Mostly, I want to say how proud I am of my brother...
But he's - he's super proud of her now.
But he's a proud man. Keeps to himself, very little to say.
But he's a proud man.
How deeply proud he was of you when you joined the service.
Perfect. Problem solved. I am so proud of you!
Perfect. Problem solved. I am so proud of you!
Perfectionism is one of those traits that many people seem secretly, or not-so-secretly, proud to possess, since it hardly seems like a character flaw.
But he's proud of you. Really?
But he's very proud of you and thinks you're doing a great job.
For to be idle is to become a stranger unto the seasons, and to step out of life's procession, that marches in majesty and proud submission towards the infinite.
An attached barn is a veritable noah's ark of busy beavers, proud peacocks, sly foxes, mad wet hens, gored oxen, slow-paced snails and ducks ( some sitting, some dead, some with water running off their backs).
An australian of the sixth or seventh generation who can trace this ancestry back to those first unwilling immigrants is a proud man indeed.
Perhaps even our fathers would be proud of us.
An envious and unsocial mind, is too proud to give pleasure, and too sullen to receive it.
Perhaps such hardheadedness explains how the kurds, buffeted for centuries between persian, arab, turkish and russian empires, have sustained a proud sense of nationhood.
In all the things I've done, I think I'm most proud of Genentech,
In all the things I've done, I think I'm most proud of Genentech,
In an effort to provide even more specific rankings, the wealth report is now proud to introduce the rich-o-meter 3.0, also known as the 'richer scale' or the 'how rich are you' index.
In an era of wallen's most brilliant, aimar and vicente is the bat most fans are proud of the two major stars.
In any case, many families are proud of these repeated names.
In backyard fun. We're proud to present to you...
You know what, I'm really proud of you, Cece. Hmm!
You know what, I'm really proud of you, Cece. Hmm!
You know what, he was just excited.He was proud of you.
For we wish to bear high and proud
In china, for example, which is proud of its smooth staging of the 2008 olympic games, one report on the state-run xinhua news agency said: "after the riots, the image of london has been severely damaged, leaving the people sceptical and worried about the public security situation during the london olympics."
Perhaps they don't always allow themselves to show it but they are proud of what you're doing.
An ill-conceived congressional bill to punish china for manipulating its currency is yet another sign that america has little to be proud of in terms of economic policy.
In contrast, male participants were most sexually attracted to women who looked happy, and least attracted to women who appeared proud and confident.
Teutons may be proud to be simultaneously bavarian german and european.
Teutons may be proud to be simultaneously bavarian, german and european.
For years we've been single and proud and never noticed...
Thank you for being someone I was always proud to be with.
Movimento group is proud to announce extending its truck diagnostics and vehicle communication interface ( vci) business with one of europe's largest truck manufacturers.
Mr he said, he was quite proud of it, because on behalf of national art, his work was enjoyed greatly by bush and he made necessary contributions to promote the friendship between china and america.
Mr morsi has made conciliatory speeches, declaring himself proud to govern a country with a strong and vocal opposition.
You know what? I'm proud of you.
This completely non-smoking Ticonderoga hotel is the proud host of many fishing tournaments.
This country was once proud of its education system. Now it seems to be in ruins.
But how very proud we are of you.
But if she could, she would nevertheless be proud of them.
But if you'd like to follow in my tracks, I'd be proud to help you.
I promise to make you feel proud when you point down the hall and say, that dude's my boyfriend.
I promise to make you feel proud when you point down the hall and say,'that dude's my boyfriend.
But in india, the proud founder will often resist. He feels "this is his baby and he has to run it," says mr singh.
Thank you so much, honey. I am so proud of you.
I put Ali in the car and I saw that the police were proud that they had hit him.
I put Ali in the car and I saw that the police were proud that they had hit him.
Ford lent it to me  and a far more manly pickup truck to my boss in new york  to help us promote our big day and also ford's success as a great american company that is proud of its vehicles.
And I ain't proud of it.
And I ain't too proud to beg either, brother.
And I also will be so proud of you.
And I am damn proud of that fact.
And I am especially proud to announce this year's special celebrity director
And I am not so proud that I cannot admit to changing my mind.
And I am proud of both.
And I am proud of every last stinking one of you.
And I am proud of her for it.
And I am proud of it...
And I am proud of it.
And I am proud of our strength in this difficult time.
And I am proud of that, sir.
And I am proud of who I have become.
And I am proud that I can count
And I am proud to announce that, with the cooperation of the Philadelphia police department,
And I am proud to announce, for the first time ever,
And I am proud to be associated with so
And I am proud to be part of this medium.
And I am proud to be standing here with them today
And I am proud to give my voice to the silent.
And I am proud to have known you.
And I am proud to have served in the military.
And I am proud to have served with him.
And I am so proud and so happy that you are up there on that
And I am so proud of everything that you do.
And I am so proud of you.
And I am so proud of you. Oh, thanks,
And I am so proud to be here with you today.
And I am so very proud of them.
And I am very proud - yeah, it did happen when we were together.
And I am very proud of you,
And I am very, very proud of him.
In denver four years ago, an inspiring presidential candidate announced that he would change america. Barack obama promised to put aside partisan differences, restore hope to those without jobs, begin the process of saving the planet from global warming, and make america proud again.
What have I ever done to make my daddy feel proud of me?
What have I ever done to make my daddy feel proud of me?
How incredibly proud of you I am, son.
Forget that. You know what? She'd be proud of you.
Personally, Frankie, I was fucking proud of you.
Personally, Frankie, I was fucking proud of you.
Forgive me father, l was too proud to admit he was right.
Former u.s. president george w. bush is defending his economic policies while in office, saying he is proud of his record of fiscal responsibility.
Forrest, I'm so proud of you.
Forrest, I'm so proud of you.
Forty years old and I Haven't done a thing I'm proud of.
In fact ukraine offers them a proud example.
In fact, based on responses to the question "would you be proud or embarrassed to work for this brand?"
This gracious city is justly proud of the beautification of the yarra banks and melburnians make full use of the river for relaxation and recreation.
Mr saunders believes this is representative of many middle-class shoppers who have been proud to display cheap goods from chains such as primark, but are now preparing to "trade up".
Mr schmidle makes clear that pakistan, proud of its sovereignty, needs deep and reasoned attention from the west, not just bundles of development aid.
Mr sotowski has reason to be proud of his host country.
Peruvians have long been vocally ( and justifiably) proud of their homeland's cooking, but suddenly, the rest of the world seems to be taking note, too.
Found coal in Pennsylvania. You can understand why we're proud to be celebrating
That I am proud of you
That I am so proud of you.
Mr yang is a proud party man: his office is adorned with pictures of him in his uniform and with citations from various communist dignitaries.
And I did some things I'm not proud of.
That I really can, like, definitely say I'm proud of.
That I said I was proud of you. Still?
That I sewed with my hands, and I'm pretty proud of it.
And I don't like it and I am not proud of it, but...
Pflueger reels are reels you will be proud to own.
Phil: are you proud of your sister?
That I was proud of.
That I wasn't proud of you?
That I would be proud and honored
You know, Bobby and I are so proud
That I'm mighty proud of you
Pi-nong, I will send you an old tai-dam song that is remake by a thai singer. This song all tai people listen to and are so proud and nationlistic to.
Mr. McCoy: your mother would be proud of you.
This has been a great year for the University and I am proud
This has been a great year for the University and I am proud
This has gotta be one of the most proud moments of my life, I guarantee.
That I'm not proud of.
But isn't there a proud tradition in the FBI
That I'm not too proud to stuff into my own pockets.
That I'm not totally proud of.
That I'm particularly proud of.
That I'm proud of you...
That I'm so proud of them,
That I'm very happy that you're all here, very proud that you're all here.
That I'm very proud of you.
That a proud african woman should covet the title of chief consort is understandable: she is unlikely to hold any higher office.
But it is the president obama sculpture he is most proud of, having spent more than three months creating it especially for his us tour.
You know, I am proud of you, son.
You know, I am so proud of you.
You know, I am so proud of you.
Play a heck of a game, kid. I'm proud of you.
I realise how very proud you are...
I realise how very proud you are...
This is - my mom and dad's 50th wedding anniversary, so proud of them,
This is a big step for him. He's really open to it and I'm proud of him,
You know, I think you might even be proud of me.
What is more, to dwarf proud of and ignorant of.
This is a man too proud to wave, but not too proud to pick a bouquet of wildflowers which she now sees clutched in one of his fists.
And I feel proud of the group of girls they finished with.
And I found out the ex-husband is the proud owner of a registered handgun.
And I found out the ex-husband is the proud owner of a registered handgun.
And I get so cold at night and I miss you more each dayonly you can make it right no I'm not too proud to say.
I really feel proud of myself.
I really gave awe huge challenge and I'm so proud of you.
I really hope you're proud of yourself.
That evening he was very proud -
That evening he was very proud -
Four proud infidels alone proclaimed their dissent.
Fourteen online trades later, he became the proud owner of an unfurnished two-story house.
You know, I was especially proud of that.
You know, I was especially proud of that.
You know, I was proud and ashamed at the same time.
You know, I was proud and ashamed at the same time.
You know, I'd be happy to accompany you to the event as your proud father, if you want me to.
You know, I'm awfully proud of you, darling.
You know, I'm awfully proud of you, darling.
And I have to say I'm rather proud of it,
You know, I'm not particularly proud of myself, but I am an adult,
You know, I'm not proud about the way things end between us.
You know, I'm not proud about the way things ended between us.
You know, I'm proud of what we've accomplished so far.
You know, I'm proud of you for doing this.
You know, I'm proud of you for doing this.
You know, I'm proud of you for finally standing up for yourself.
You know, I'm proud of you for finally standing up for yourself.
You know, I'm really proud of her.
You know, I'm really proud of you
You know, I'm really proud of you
You know, I'm very proud of my heritage.
You know, I'm very proud of my heritage.
You know, I'm very proud to be your dad. Really.
You know, I'm very proud to be your dad. Really.
France has distinct bipolar characteristics; intensely proud while recurrently worried about the world in which it finds itself.
You know, Skye, your parents would be real proud
You know, a man shouldn't take a woman Seriously unless he can be proud of her.
You know, a man shouldn't take a woman Seriously unless he can be proud of her.
You know, as... As proud as I am that you...
Please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang...
Mr. obama said the american people also have reason to be proud of the captain who offered himself as a hostage to protect the crew of his cargo ship.
Mr. remy said there are no plans to sell the produce in the store, but he may offer a tomato if he is particularly proud of it.
Mr. smith, ( alias, as will be the case with all names) is a tall, slightly paunchy, and extremely proud man of 48.
Please tell me it's longer than that? I am so proud of my little sister.
Please, I'm not proud of this.
Please. I would be so proud to help you.
How proud I am of her,
How proud I am of her,
How proud I am of you. Love, dad.
How proud I am to be a partof this community.
How proud I am to live in a nation which,
How proud and grateful I am
How proud are you of him?
How proud are you of him?
How proud are you?
How proud he was of you.
How proud it made me.
How proud of you I am.
How proud we both are about your new promotion.
How proud we were and how happy that he'd made it.
How proud you are to be seventeen.
How proud you must be.
How sappy is it going to sound if I say I'm proud of you?
How they make us proud
Frangois, your country is very proud of you.
Frank is proud of his past experiences.
How unbelievably proud I am of you. This is not insignificant.
How very proud I am of all of you.
How very proud we are of you.
And I honestly can say that I liked it and I was proud of it.
And I honestly can say that I liked it and I was proud of it.
And I hope that he is really proud of me in my performance tonight.
And I just hope you're proud of yourself.
You know, everyone here today should feel proud of their tacos.
That he made us happy...... And we were proud of him......
That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he's actually proud off.
And I just, I want him to be proud of me.
And I know he is very, very proud of you.
And I know he would be so proud of his grandbaby,
And I know how proud she is,
And I know if your mama and Papa was still alive, they'd be proud of you too.
And I know it's up to me to make you proud of me.
And I know mom would be so proud of you.
Mrs. alexander sat looking into the fire with intent preoccupation, and wilson studied her half-averted face. He liked the suggestion of stormy possibilities in the proud curve of her lip and nostril.
Mrs. ferrars is a very headstrong, proud woman.
This is great and I'm proud of you. You're the tallest tooth fairy in the world.
Mrs. toole felt proud of making betsy learn everything there was to know, although betsy was a very smart person.
Ms Nova is the proud possessor of a truly incredible voice.
Ms. dinkel says demand for advisory-matching programs might not be increasing because some business owners are too proud to accept help.
In her travels through saudi arabia, morocco, turkey, and iraq, she met great numbers of advocates working to improve the status of women-and who were proud of their roles as mother, wife, and caregiver.
What li did possess was attitude, originality and a proud androgyny that defied chinese norms.
What makes you feel proud and strong and mighty?
That is great. I am very proud of you.
And I know that he's proud in that performance.
And I know you're not proud of me.
And I know you're proud of me, but I know that you wish I didn't do what I do.
This is just kind of thing you want about? Oh, I would be very proud if I'd done this.
This is kind of like my prom, and I'm proud of how it allame out.
What mother wouldn't be proud of him?
What mother wouldn't be proud of him?
What mother wouldn't be proud of him?
What mother wouldn't be proud of him?
That is troubling for a country proud of its quick recovery from the financial crisis.
That is troubling for a country proud of its quick recovery from the financial crisis.
Ms. dong is proud of gree's supportive employment policies but remains critical of chinese women.
But it was so proud of you
French schoolchildren today are taught to be proud of fran& ccedil; ois's victory at marignano. This exhibition will show them what happened afterwards.
I remember he was so proud of his large erection.
Ms. xu has every reason to be proud of her accomplishments since she first came into the public eye as a 20-year-old acting student playing a policewoman who falls in love with a gangster in a popular tv drama series.
Much like the frightened teenager who's too proud to admit it, are we facing a historical choice to either grow up or continue living at home under the influence of mommy and daddy-being told what to do?
I remember one poor, proud man coming to our door one day to settle his account.
I remember the delight in their eyes. They were so proud of her.
I remember, he was so proud of his...
You know, parents must be so proud of you, man.
In it, neale has done all of the writing, and buddha says he is mighty proud of neale, and his work.
You know, she was, committed to the navy, proud of her job as an attach?
You know, she was, committed to the navy, proud of her job as an attach?
Port Colborne hotels are proud to host adventure-seekers from everywhere.
But it's a really big deal, so I'm very proud of him.
And I never had to take my gun out of its holster, once. I'm proud of that.
And I noticed they sold a button that said proud to be Irish.
And I noticed they sold a button that said proud to be Irish.
However, I am not proud of the way that I act around him.
However, I've scotched all that, and I'm proud of it.
And I really want you to know I'm so proud of you.
And I said to myself, "if they can feel proud of their kids...
This is something I'm really proud of and am excited to see what other breakthroughs emerge.
This is something quite beyond the majority of those travelling by steamer or aircraft. I am proud of it.
However, indians are painfully aware that they must reform their government bureaucracy, police and judiciary-institutions, paradoxically, they were so proud of a generation ago.
However, most of our guests are serving their country and we're proud to host these courageous guests.
I rose from the ranks, sir, and I'm proud of it.
I said I was proud of you 'cause you have a long ways to go.
But it's good you came out. Really, Im proud of you.
In mekon plastics, we are proud to present our manufacturing facilities which utilize state-of-the-art technologies and the latest management techniques in the production of garment hangers worldwide.
However, the asean agenda this year will focus not so much on proud new asia, but probably more on floundering old europe.
And I say how proud I am of you
Mum did us all proud last christmas.
And I so proud and confident of my great powers replied, "not yet".
And I swear, your mother has got to be proud of you tonight. Fantastic!
And I swear, your mother has got to be proud of you tonight. Fantastic!
And I think he's abrasive in his fashion, I'm proud of this kid.
What was he proud of? Who he?
In my day, women were proud to show a little -
And I think she'll be very proud of you.
And I think that you should all be proud of yourselves.
And I think that you should all be proud of yourselves.
I said I'm very proud of you.
I said I'm very proud of you.
However, these disgraced the past, she deliberately put on a proud look.
And I think that's great. I'm proud to have been a part of it,
And I think we should all be really proud
From one to another, be proud of who you are.
And I think you made your kids proud tonight.
And I think you should be totally proud of doing something on the show that hasn't been done yet.
And I think you should be totally proud of doing something on the show that hasn't been done yet.
And I think you're too proud to admit it to your friends
And I told her she could be very, very proud of you.
And I want everyone here to know just how proud I am of my brave, handsome, bushy - haired boyfriend.
Must be proud of you.
Must make you proud to serve the Starks.
Mutant and proud "?
Mutant and proud "?
President faust, members of the harvard corporation and the board of overseers, members of the faculty, proud parents, and, above all, graduates.
President faust, members of the harvard corporation and the board of overseers, members of the faculty, proud parents, and, above all, graduates.
President ford, who has requested humanitarian aid for the vietnamese, let it be known that he was proud to have saved what vietnamese he could in the last, frantic helicopter evacuation.
This isn't the kind of a place a casual tourist finds by accident, and the store owners seem proud of their "secret" status.
Pretty darn proud of myself.
Pretty proud of it.
Pretty proud of that crate. No idea why, but he parked it right up front.
Pretty proud of yourself.
Pretty proud of yourself.
And I was really proud of her.
And I was so proud of it. It was like a school project.
My God? Very proud
My Yin to his proud Yang.
You know, you'd be really proud of me.
You know, your father would've been proud of you, too. Come here.
You know? What are you proud of, son?
And I was too proud to give in
And I was very proud of that piece
And I will be so proud of you.
That once stood proud and light upon the HIIIS of Sparta
That other list would have just been garbage from a person I'm not proud of.
That other stuff - that "I'm proud of you" part -
That perfect little conviction record you're so proud of,
This makes you feel proud that you are worth not only as a person but a responsible member of your family.
This man is going to make us proud of him, mr. hunnicutt.
This man is proud and self-sufficient, and despises honours offered by common people, though he is gracious to his inferiors.
My body makes me happy, not proud
My boss, fortune managing editor andy serwer, was among the proud parents there.
You live on a farm and you're proud to be a country artist.
Princeton, Harvard. Your mother must be very proud of you after raising you on her own.
Printing their proud hoofs in the receiving earth
What would make you proud of him.
Fuck off! My dad would be so proud of me.
You look so handsome. I'm so proud of you.
I "m proud you cast your own stone.
I - I - I'm a little more proud of what you might achieve after you graduate.
You looked up proud in the dictionary, you would see a picture of me like this.
I saw the king you will become. I'm so proud of you, Arthur.
My brother was so proud of that boy.
My brother was so proud of that boy.
Fucking Yankee proud of it now, you fucking bitches.
Fucking proud of you, man, now you're a fucking man.
Fucking proud of you, man.
Fucking proud of you.
Full a bottle of car that be dropped by me, secretly proud place, go one woman, pick up idol half the day of fierce look of that bottle of beverage, answer eye suddenly to laugh to me, went excitedly.
You made me real proud today, son.
You made me so proud out there today. Come on.
I - I am so proud of you, sweetheart, because you
You make me proud to be a ma.
You make me proud to be a marine.
You make me very proud and Johnny very happy.
You make the guys think you're cool, and I'm proud of you, very proud of you.
You may depend on it, that the poor fellow who walks away with the greatest number of letters, proud of his extensive correspondence, has not heard from himself this long while.
My client is not proud of what he did. - order!
My dad was proud of me just for coming out here.
My dad was proud of me just for coming out here.
My dad wrapped me in a big hug, said he was proud of me.
My daddy is proud of me -
I - I mean... I'm proud of our relationship.
I - I'm extremely proud of you.
I - I'm proud of you, but...
I - I'm proud of you, but... I can't stay here,
I - I'm proud of you, son. I am.
I - I'm so proud of our show,
In russia's case, what should be a source of proud sorrow-the heroism of those who fought and defeated hitler-is being used to cover up stalin's behaviour: both his bungling of the soviet defences against hitler's attack, and before that conspiring with the nazis to carve up the baltics, balkans and central europe.
In short, you're just a proud dad. Like every other dad...
In short, youre just a proud dad. Like every other dad...
I say we give this alien a green card and make him proud to be an American.
And I would be proud to have you as assistant manager.
And I would be proud to have you as assistant manager.
And I would like to be proud of my father. Just once!
I Haven't been this proud of him since he stopped barking at minorities.
I Haven't done much that I'm proud of the last three days.
I I have no fortune, you know, and  I fancy she is a very proud woman.
Fuzzy dice hanging loose and proud
I see her light-brown checked coat and her plaid scarf and her proud successful face and reddish hair darkened at the end of its curls by the water.
You may think it's funny, but I'm very proud of that.
But know that I am proud of you, son.
But l was always so proud of you that you had become a nun.
I see. - yeah, it's not something I'm proud of,
I see. Yeah, it's not something I'm proud of,
I `m proud of you, Vincent.
I `m real proud of you guys.
I shall be proud to walk her up the aisle.
This must be a very proud day for you.
I should be proud for us to work together, Mr. Holmes.
I should be proud to have a witness to my glory.
I should be proud to speak to you. Proud to be under obligation to you.
You men folk should be very proud of your ladies.
Proud - I am a strong, proud bald man!
Proud of the boy I knew, proud of the man you've become,
Proud of the only person I know who has a skeleton in the cupboard is george carlton, and he is very proud of the fact.
Proud the way a human is proud of a well - trained dog.
You might have been a proud warrior once,
You might imagine there are few reasons to be proud as a north korean, but the regime's leaders may be hoping that their detonation of a nuclear device provides one.
What's the difference? He's still proud of you.
You must be a proud father, Magnus.
You must be a real proud daddy.
You must be a very proud father. Yes, sir.
You must be awfully proud of your husband.
You must be feeling pretty proud of yourself. - yeah, I actually... Whoa!
You must be pretty proud of karly.
You must be pretty proud of your dad!
You must be proud of her...
You must be proud of him. He's a smart child.
You must be proud of him.
You must be proud of your darning.
You must be proud of your son. My Lou? Of course.
You must be proud of your work.
You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees.
You must be proud to be part of his expedition. I beg your pardon?.
You must be so proud of Mads,
You must be so proud of him. Thanks, bro - in - law!
You must be so proud of him. Thanks, bro - in - law!
You must be so proud of your mother.
You must be so proud of yourself.
You must be so proud to have him as your brother.
You must be so very proud of him.
You must be very proud of Emma tonight.
You must be very proud of her.
You must be very proud of him.
You must be very proud of them. Yes, I am. I admit it.
You must be very proud of them.
You must be very proud of your brother.
You must be very proud of your student, Horace.
You must be very proud of yourself.
You must be very proud proud, you shit? Shit!
This new Darwin, Northern Territory hotel is proud to be one of the closest hotels to the Darwin International Airport and close to the Royal Darwin Hospital and Charles Darwin University.
This new century can be the dawn of a new china, proud of your ancient greatness, proud of what you are doing, prouder still of the tomorrows to come.
You must feel a little proud of yourself.
You must feel very proud to be a police informer.
You must have been very proud of her.
My father had always been a very proud man.
In that regard, I'm proud to be an American.
What's the matter? You're not proud of your handiwork?
And I'll be proud to serve and
And I'll be proud to serve and support him should he choose to run for president.
And I'll be proud to watch you win.
And I'll be proud to watch you win.
This nobel prize continues the proud tradition of recognizing crystallographers who are among the most persistent and fearless of all scientists.
Gee, you make me so proud to be an American.
Geely and ntc are proud to have worked together and have formed a very strong co-operative relationship.
My father is extremely proud that I followed in his footsteps and became a doctor.
You need to be proud of the whole picture.
I slung the championship belt over my shoulder and walked out proud of myself.
My father was a proud man who liked to call himself
My father was justifiably proud of his family.
My father was proud to open a little street corner restaurant,
My father would have been proud of these men.
My father would have been proud of these men.
My father, he was proud as hell.
I also am so proud that we
I also am so proud that we
Gentleman, I am proud to announce
And I'll finally be present at the birth of something I'm proud of.
My friend and proud father bobby lewis was taking his two little boys to play miniature golf.
Gentlemen, I am proud to announce
Gentlemen, I am proud to announce that my Comrade
I am -  Someone with nothing to be proud of
I am -  Someone with nothing to be proud of
I am a God - fearing Englishman, and I'm goddamn proud of it!
I am a god-fearing englishman, and I'm goddamn proud of it!
I spoke to your future father - in - law this morning, he's quite proud of you, you know.
I spoke to your future father in law this morning, he's quite proud of you, you know.
I spoke to your future fatherinlaw this morning, he's quite proud of you, you know.
Gentlemen, you make me proud to be an American.
Gentlemen. I'm proud of you.
That they're proud of that person.
You ought to be proud of yourselves.
You ought to be proud that your grandson is so briIIiant.
You ought to be proud that your grandson is so brilliant.
I am a retired u. s. air force colonel, so this hits close to home. An organization I was once proud to belong to has become a source of embarrassment.
I am a soccer mom, and I'm proud of it.
I am a strong, proud bald man.
And I'm damn proud of him.
And I'm especially proud of him because he's my son.
I started to feel proud of you,
I still think you crazy. But I'm proud of you too.
I still want you to be proud of me.
You played a good game today. I was proud of you.
You played beautifully today. I'm so proud of you.
You played hurt and I'm proud of you.
You playedyour butt off, son. I'm proud ofyou.
And I'm gonna be so proud of you tomorrow when you cut that ribbon...
And I'm gonna be so proud of you tomorrow. When you cut that ribbon...
I am also proud of this round fish pond
Germans are proud to remember dietrich bonhffer as much as they mourn the atrocities of the nazi era.
In the choir room because you have a lot to be proud of.
In the course of it, I noticed that most of the academic prizes were being won by chinese and indian children in neat uniforms who were being videoed by proud parents.
Germany is rightly proud of its ability to control costs and keep on exporting.
I sure was proud to have larry as a friend.
I surely won't call her as my dad said: too proud
You proud are your kids of for being out there?
You proud of me?
You proud of me?
You proud of that? L can't believe it.
You proud of your uncle?
I suspect that he may be more proud of that accomplishment than being a high-profile attorney.
But maybe she'd be proud that her grandson is railing a hot demon.
But melancholy Testament to a once - proud history.
What? - proud of you.
You put up a lot of walls. I'm so proud of you guys.
What? Dude, I am so proud of you!
But most importantly, I'm very proud to announce
You really are just a magnet of joy. Oh,i'm so proud of you. I don't know what to say.
I am damn proud of the stars and stripes, and they've been pretty good to you.
I am especially proud to be kicking off this day of festivities.
I am eternally proud to be your godfather.
I am even less proud of letting
I am even less proud of letting
I am finally a proud traveler on the cyber - highway.
Get in. I'm not too proud to beg.
I am grateful and proud
I am happy and proud of the fact that the time will soon come...
I am happy and proud of the fact that the time will soon come
I tell dr al-jawahiry that he should be proud to have been a doctor in such a difficult place, at such a difficult time.
What? Nothing, you should be proud of that.
I tell my three girls regularly that I love them and am so proud of them.
I tell you, we were proud of the gracie fields, for she was the glittering queen of our local line, and instead of taking an hour over her voyage, used to do it, churning like mad, in forty-five minutes.
You really make your dad proud
I am hurrying. I'm proud of you, son.
I am just really proud of what I've done.
I am just so proud of the student you're becoming,
My mama's gonna be proud when she sees me here.
And I'm just really proud of my mother.
And I'm just so proud of you guys tonight.
And I'm not as proud of my blues as I used to be.
I think I did a good job. I'm really proud of it.
I think I havent been so proud of a friend...
My mom liked things clean. She would be very proud of you.
I am never, never too proud to pick a penny up from the floor.
I am not proud
I am not proud at all.
I am not proud at all.
I am not proud of my behavior. I know that it's petty.
I am not proud of that. I'm not, but now I would like to help you.
I am not proud of what I did in there.
I am not proud of what I did in there.
I am not proud of what I did.
I am not proud of what I just did.
I am not proud of what I just did.
I am not proud of you.
But no two people in the world are as happy and proud as korman's parents, adolek and marysia kohn.
My mom's gonna trip! So proud of you.
My mom's gonna trip! so proud of you.
You risked your life. I'm proud of you
Whatever else, I am always proud of you.
Whatever happen I'm very proud of
Whatever happens, I am so proud of her.
I am peasant, and proud of it.
I am pleased and proud to hear you are entrusting Amer to us.
My mother is going to be there, and she is a very proud gun owner.
My mother said she's proud of me.
I am pretty proud of it.
I am pretty proud of myself.
I am prodigiously proud of him.
I am proud -
I am proud member of the democratic party.
I am proud my husband serves this country.
I am proud of all my friends today.
I am proud of all my friends today.
I am proud of all my friends today.
I am proud of at you and I did together.
I am proud of each of you that stand before me.
I am proud of her, and I don't pry.
I am proud of it.
I am proud of it. Thank you.
I am proud of love.
I am proud of my Brazilian roots.
I am proud of my goal setting abilities and my success.
I am proud of my name, but if you have a name like mine you will find people run away from you.
I am proud of my uniform.
I am proud of my uniform. Do you know what we get to do?
I am proud of myself if I can get away with throwing away only one bag of trash a week.
I am proud of our virologists, epidemiologists and microbiologists for giving up their time to explain complex and uncertain science.
I am proud of that. I am.
I am proud of the fact, however, that I only broke one lampshade during the last excursion but it still works so does that really count?
I am proud of the way I dress.
I am proud of this.
I am proud of us. I am proud of each and everyone of us.
I am proud of what I do.
I am proud of what I've done for this town,
I am proud of you and your accomplishments.
I am proud of you for trying.
I am proud of you no matter what you decide to do.
I am proud of you! I knew you'd do it.
I am proud of you, Andre.
I am proud of you, bro.
I am proud of you, brother! What a plan!
I am proud of you, kid.
I am proud of you, my Fisher of men.
I am proud of you, my beloved children, and give yourselfs all the reasons to be proud of yourselfs.
I am proud of you, my son.
I am proud of you, son.
I am proud of you, teegan aerosmith.
I am proud of you. May God be always with you.
I am proud of you. Really, very very proud.
I am proud of you. You have grown up.
I am proud ofit!
I am proud that I have officers like you in my command. Brave...
I am proud that my son has such a good thinking.
I am proud that we whittled it down to these three so quickly.
I am proud that you are being brave and defending
I am proud to also consider my amigo Cubana.
I am proud to announce
I am proud to announce an annual award in the name of our daughter.
I am proud to announce that there is a new addition
I am proud to announce that this Saturday,
I am proud to announce the next happy event...
I am proud to be a Canadian.
I am proud to be a Jew scout.
I am proud to be involved, sir.
I am proud to be running for governor for reasons like this.
I am proud to be the ambassador from Milan, madam.
I am proud to be the democratic nominee for the presidency of the united states.
I am proud to call you my son.
I am proud to call you my son.
I am proud to come to this city as the guest of your distinguished mayor who has...
I am proud to have contributed to it together with my patriotic and able colleagues.
I am proud to have had such a father
I am proud to have known you in this life, nasir.
I am proud to have served with each and every one of you.
I am proud to introduce to you a great leader, a fine and honorable man,
I am proud to introduce to you the one.
I am proud to introduce to you
I am proud to know.
I am proud to present you with the distinguished service cross.
I am proud to provide books for the public schools.
I am proud to report that my daughter has just penned one of the most impressive short stories
I am proud to report that the settlement we attained for
I am proud to say I don't know.
I am proud to say that Dakota Condor is the number one cookie - selling -
I am proud to say that I am a fortunate homosexual man.
I am proud to say that I have the, uh,
I am proud to say that as the Emmy awards approach 60,
I am proud to say that the Putneys have never had anything but mantle cards.
I am proud to say that you are my friend. But you got your whole life ahead of you.
I am proud to see one of my students so honored.
I am proud to serve with you, lieutenant.
I am proud to show you at last somebody who dotes on you more than myself.
I am proud to show you at last
I am proud to stand before you to honor a show that brought
I am proud to welcome you to this glorious celebration of our American industry.
I am proud, I am proud to be one of those women,
I am real proud of you, son. - hello.
I am real proud of you, son. Hello.
I am really proud of you guys.
I am really proud of you.
I am really, really proud to be a part of it.
I am seventy - two and a proud soldier.
I am so extraordinarily proud of each of you.
My mother was proud of me
Get your software back from that man then you will be proud of yourself.
Whatever it is you did, I'm proud of you. And so is Mr. Muggles.
Whatever it is you did, I'm proud of you.
But now I am so proud of her.
Quite proud of you, Watson - your doggedness.
Quite proud of yourself?
Quite. Apparently, he's quite proud of the new diversity in his firm.
Quite. Apparently, he's quite proud of the new diversity in his firm.
My owner is nothing ordinary. She is a well-known hong kong beauty, has excellent eq& iq, and also a superb actress. I am very proud of her.
And I'm not proud of covering it up,
And I'm not proud of the stuff that went down
Gianluigi buffon is proud to be a part of juventus and believes the bianconeri will not be afraid to look anyone in the eye once they return to serie a.
I am so incredibly proud of him.
I am so proud of Joey,
I am so proud of both of you.
I am so proud of both of you. I love you more than you can ever know. And I am grateful every day for your patience, poise, grace, and humor as we prepare to start our new life together in the white house.
I am so proud of me.
I am so proud of my two policemen.
I am so proud of that kid.
I am so proud of these two.
I am so proud of us.
I am so proud of what I've created,
I am so proud of what you did today.
I am so proud of what you're doing.
I am so proud of y 'all.
I am so proud of you - it's over.
I am so proud of you BH.
I am so proud of you I can never go in front of whole world and lie,....
I am so proud of you and all you have accomplished. I shared your opinion from the l.a. times with my family and reminisced about you as my student at hibbing high school.
I am so proud of you both.
I am so proud of you both. Mm.
I am so proud of you boys, aren't you, Sam?
I am so proud of you for thinking outside of the box,
I am so proud of you goddesses!
I am so proud of you guys.
I am so proud of you to be the scholar!
I am so proud of you! Two signatures.
I am so proud of you, Addie.
I am so proud of you, Katie. I really... I mean it.
I am so proud of you, Robbie.
I am so proud of you, and I'm the proudest mummy in the world.
I am so proud of you, and thank you for representing the ladies so well.
I am so proud of you, and this is what you were born to be.
I am so proud of you, babe.
I am so proud of you, my baby.
I am so proud of you, my son.
I am so proud of you, my sweet!
I am so proud of you, schrooberry blue.
I am so proud of you, son.
I am so proud of you. - why?
I am so proud of you.
I am so proud of you. A lawyer.
I am so proud of you. Acting boss.
I am so proud of you. Ah. Mmm. Mmm.
I am so proud of you. And you know why?
I am so proud of you. I love you.
I am so proud of you. I'm proud of everything you've done.
I am so proud of you. It's okay.
I am so proud of you. It's over.
I am so proud of you. Oh, I knew you could do it.
I am so proud of you. Oh, thank you.
I am so proud of you. Stake out.
I am so proud of you. Thank you.
I am so proud of you. The show is good.
I am so proud of you. Yeah, and speaking of which, I
I am so proud of you. Yeah, anspeaking of which, I -
I am so proud of you. You're a real man at last, eh?
I am so proud of you. don't tell anyone.
I am so proud of you
I am so proud that you have started studying,
I am so proud to see all of you here.
I am so proud we stayed the course together.
I am so very proud of you.
My parents, they would be proud to see me that way.
Radio city music hall is proud to present, on her resolution tour:
I think Jane would be quite proud of me.
I think a lot about how ideas spread, how information spreads, why is it that something you're really proud of and you spend a lot of time creating sometimes doesn't go anywhere, and something that you kind of do on the side, on a lark, ends up getting shared and passed around and having this big impact.
I think all of you up there should be proud of yourselves.
I think all of you up there should be proud of yourselves.
I think english football can be proud of what they did in paris.
I think everyone will be be proud of me at home.
I think father would have been proud of you.
Girls always look on themselves as proud p* ncesses, with the exception of a small number of either extremely ugly or exceedingly smart ones.
Girls always look on themselves as proud princesses, with the exception of a small digit of both extremely ugly or extremely intelligent ones.
Girls always look on themselves as proud princesses, with the exception of a small number of either extremely ugly or exceedingly smart ones.
Girls, I am so proud of you two,
I am sure he will make you proud and take a high degree.
I am sure your dad will be just as proud of you next year.
But now I'm a boarding house keeper and proud of it.
But now I'm proud of it.
But now I'm proud of you, too.
But now in britain, proud traditions of cynicism and understatement have been cast aside.
But now that it's over I'm really proud of myself because that is not my element, even close.
In the end, what bothers people about exxonmobil is precisely what its managers are proud of: that it has no desire to be, as bp once rebranded itself, "beyond petroleum".
My proud land, my defiant one
My proud land, my defiant one Yugoslavia, my country
My proud parents bought me a brand-new volkswagen beetle as a graduation present.
But once you got in there, you were proud to be.
I am the proud possessor of an innie.
And I'm pleased to inform you I'm now the proud owner of hotel Babylon.
And I'm pretty proud of myself.
And I'm proud now, don't know where to begin
And I'm proud of a lot of those prizes that I won,
And I'm proud of her for sleeping on the floor.
And I'm proud of her.
And I'm proud of him.
And I'm proud of him. End of story.
And I'm proud of it.
And I'm proud of that fact.
And I'm proud of that.
And I'm proud of that. And I wouldn't change a thing.
And I'm proud of the work I've done.
And I'm proud of you because it shows that you're not happy...
And I'm proud of you, too.
And I'm proud of you, very proud of you.
And I'm proud of you. You are my daughter.
And I'm proud of you.
And I'm proud that you were mine.
And I'm proud to announce that the department of defense, working with us, the world's largest consumer of energy, will make one of the largest commitments to clean energy in history-with the navy purchasing enough capacity to power a quarter of a million homes a year.
And I'm proud to be able to say that I Haven't had a drink for six years now.
And I'm proud to be able to tell U that I am responsible for your removal
And I'm proud to be in a country
And I'm proud to be one because it's my job to protect the community
And I'm proud to be one because it's my job to protect the community
And I'm proud to be your dad.
And I'm proud to call them allies.
And I'm proud to call you my frog...
And I'm proud to call you my frog...
And I'm proud to have you for my friend.
And I'm proud to have you with us.
And I'm proud to have, uh, I'm proud to be your father.
And I'm proud to say that we're very happy.
And I'm proud to say,
And I'm proud to say: I love bossy women.
And I'm proud to serve my country, "right?
And I'm proud to stand by his side this afternoon.
And I'm proud to stand here before you
And I'm proud to tell you that he's agreed to join our cause -
And I'm proud too.
And I'm really proud of him.
And I'm really proud of myself for as far as I've come.
And I'm really proud of us.
And I'm really proud of you.
But only because I'm particularly proud of this.
In the family - I'm so proud of you, sis.
You saw them. They were proud of me for,
You say the word, my department would be proud to have you.
And I'm so happy to hear all that, and I am so proud of you.
And I'm so proud of her.
And I'm so proud of them
And I'm so proud of those things, I am here,
And I'm so proud of what you've accomplished.
And I'm so proud of you for all the lessons you've learned.
And I'm so proud of you for going to therapy, by the way. You know that, right?
And I'm so proud of you for staying.
And I'm so proud of you tonight.
And I'm so proud of you.
And I'm so proud that we can channel that, and I'm so grateful.
Rather than resenting the newcomers, many irish were proud that their country had become a place people wanted to enter rather than leave.
I am truly fucking proud of you.
I am very proud and honored that I worked with him for more than four years, sharing with him the sadness and happiness that was iraq.
I am very proud of her.
I am very proud of john.
I am very proud of my discovery.
I am very proud of my son - in - law.
I am very proud of the army, and I'm very proud of these soldiers standing behind me. Cause we've been to hell and back together.
I am very proud of the state of california and all that it has to offer to residents and guests. It is a great place to invest and build a future.
I am very proud of what he does.
I am very proud of you for coming to this writer.
I am very proud of you, I love you very much,
I am very proud of you.
I am very proud to be addressing you this evening.
I am very proud to be addressing you this evening.
I am very proud to be an American.
I am very proud to call you my friend.
I am very proud to give you
I am very proud to give you
I am very proud to have been your master.
I am very proud to have been your master.
I am very proud to have examined this young woman.
I am very proud to present to you the one, the only, the extraordinary...
I am very proud to present to you
I am very proud to say justice has been served.
I am very proud to tell you that last week,
I am very, very proud of our team.
I am very, very proud of you.
I am what I am and I'm proud of it!
Give me a punch to make me proud
I am what I amand I'm proud of it!
I think he would be proud of you.
I think he would have been very proud to see you now.
In the four-minute tape, known as libya, "the first princess," aisha said, gaddafi is to take up arms with his sons at the front, the libyan people should be proud of such a leader.
I think he'll be proud when you operate.
I think he's a proud man and his pride's been hurt.
When I finally secured a small part in a television play my mother was as proud as a peacock and to1d all the neighbours about it.
And I'm sure she was very proud of you.
And I'm sure you made your little princess very proud tonight.
And I'm sure you'll all be proud to know that I'm a pack - a - day smoker.
And I'm very proud and happy that he actually listened to me
And I'm very proud of him.
And I'm very proud of them.
And I'm very proud of what I've done.
And I'm very proud of what we did. I really am. But...
And I'm very proud of you.
And I'm very proud of you.
And I'm very proud to announce the newest member
And I'm very proud to be a member. So, thanks, guys.
And I'm very, very proud of that.
And I'm very, very proud of you,
You see how proud he is out there. You can't.
I am your biggest fan and I am so proud of you, baby.
I am, but not proud of it.
I am. I'm so proud of you.
I am... So proud of the man that you are becoming.
When I first got here, I'm proud of myself.
And I've been proud and honored
And I've been proud and honored to be able to represent you in our nation's capital.
But proud of you for taking a stance.
And I've never been more proud of my dad.
I appreciate everything, and I know you are really proud of me right now.
But right now, they're really proud of you,
In the meantime, though, athenians and their visitors can be proud of their stunning new piece of architecture, filled with indisputably great art.
Give this alien a green card and make him proud to be an American.
Given that a number of nordic countries were in deep crisis several years ago, I am proud that the experiences of these small countries in the north of europe might be considered a source of inspiration to others.
This retiring bebi bumu generation has reasons to feel proud of its achievements.
And Mississippi's proud to claim
My tribe is proud and strong.
When I look back on the tour, I'm not proud of it
And Ringo's proud of you.
And So I am proud to announce...
My virginity is something to be proud of.
But she wouldn't be very proud of me right now,
But she's uncommonly proud of her looks
You seem proud of your sexuality more than others.
You seem quite proud yourself.
Real proud of you brother.
Real proud of you. You did real well last night.
Really proud of me still
Really proud of me, Owen. I didn't take one home.
When I said good - bye to LEM 3, I felt like a proud parent...
When I said good - bye to LEM 3, I felt like a proud parent...
My wife was a proud American.
I asked you what it was you were most proud of,
I assume it, but its nothing to be proud of.
But so, too, let us hope, is that proud spirit...
I think my family is pretty proud of me.
I think my husband will be really proud when he sees the dress.
I been doin'some thinkin ', and I ain't too proud of myself.
And act like a proud horse.
In the united states southeast asia and europe chinese residential area and is known as the "chinatown" while the chinese claimed to chinatown because since ancient times the tang dynasty is to make chinese proud dynasty.
Names, though, are important to identify and isolate that golden moment in history, and it is to cement this history that the monument is given its proud name.
Nancy pelosi called from a stage in the atrium of the knight theatre, in charlotte. "Weren't we proud of my women of the house?"
I think she'd be very proud if you were able to do something she couldn't.
I think she'd be very proud if you were able to do something she couldn't.
You should all be very proud of yourselves.
You should all be very proud that this is the wellesley spirit.
You should also know I'm proud of you.
In their own eyes they are proud resourceful energetic risk-takers at the cutting edge of a social revolution.
In their own eyes they are proud resourceful energetic risk-takers at the cutting edge of a social revolution.
But still, I can be proud of it.
This summer 83% told pew that they were "extremely" or "very" proud to be american.
This superbly appointed 17th century manor house was once the home of the Marquesses of Huntly, so the magnificent building has a proud history of playing host to special guests!
You should are hands down proud of yourself.
But such detachment, proud and aloof, also means loneliness which makes pure hermits few. Therefore, the minority's way of happiness cannot be interpreted as the model for universal happiness.
But surely nothing to be proud of.
But taking Tammy from her boys is not something I'm proud of.
In this competition and I am proud of you.
And all I can say is that I'm proud of you.
You should be proud Colonel.
You should be proud and happy that you're a beginner.
You should be proud if you can make it
You should be proud in a way.
You should be proud in a way.
You should be proud of Alex, Mrs. Rogan.
You should be proud of her.
You should be proud of her. What about me?
You should be proud of her.
You should be proud of her.what about me?
You should be proud of him.
You should be proud of him. I know you are.
You should be proud of him. Optimism weakens any equation.
You should be proud of it! I mean... - I am.
You should be proud of me.
You should be proud of that.
You should be proud of that. Sam: is that right?
You should be proud of them,
You should be proud of what you did over there.
You should be proud of what you've given all of us.
You should be proud of your body.
You should be proud of your brother's achievement.
You should be proud of your wings.
You should be proud of yours.
You should be proud of yourself
You should be proud of yourself for getting out there and doing something that's great for your physical and mental health.
You should be proud of yourself for making it through, though.
You should be proud of yourself for making it through, though.
You should be proud of yourself. - that definitely once...
You should be proud of yourself. She's wearing my grandmother's ring!
You should be proud of yourself. You did great. We've made real progress.
You should be proud of yourself. You'll get into a good college.
You should be proud of yourself. You're a natural.
You should be proud of yourselves, men.
You should be proud that you are to be a part of the 150 - year - old institution.
You should be proud that your son isn't a pervert.
You should be proud to be Greek.
You should be proud to be white. Oh, you like being white, do you?
You should be proud to show it off.
You should be real proud of yourself.
You should be really proud of her.
You should be really proud of him.
You should be really proud of yourself.
You should be so proud of you. I am.
You should be so proud of your son.
You should be so proud of yourself!
You should be three hundred times more proud of yourself
You should be very proud being in the same condition.
You should be very proud of them.
You should be very proud of your excellent work.
You should be very proud of your son.
You should be very proud of yourself, all right?
You should be very proud of yourself.
You should be very, very proud of yourself.
But that doesn't mean that I'm not proud of you.
You should could be proud of yourself.
You should feel proud. You should feel proud of everything you've accomplished.
You should feel quite proud right now. Why is that?
You should feel quite proud right now.
I believe you, and I'm proud of you.
But that is proud beast, yet you are christmasham.
Go get a jobYou can be proud of.
You should have been there, tiff. You would have been so proud of him.
I bet he was proud of every
I bet he was proud of every last battle scar.
I bet he was really proud of you.
I bet he was really proud of you.
I think that... America would be very, very proud in what they have on.
I think that... America would be very, very proud
I bet my old mam would be so proud of me.
I bet she's proud of you.
Nearby Indianapolis is proud to host the NCAA Men's Final Four April 3-6, 2015.
Nearby Indianapolis is proud to host the NCAA Men's Final Four April 3-6, 2015.
And announces that he is a nerd and that he is proud of it...
This was a very vibrant woman, a proud  ...
I bet you he's pretty proud right now.
This was such a humbling and proud experience for me.
You should know she's very proud of you.
I bet your mother's proud of you.
Need a reason to feel proud of their father.
In your budgetary, prepare equalize field heart to heart for you, those who make you proud is exclusive thematic type is bridal.
That we would be proud to match.
That we would be very proud to publish.
That we're not proud of.
That we've all done some things we're not particularly proud of.
When a girl isn't proud to mention her marriage,
You should proud of that.
And as a proud gay man, I know it shouldn't matter,
When a mature and creative teaching plan understand, she on the upcoming game enormously proud of one's success.
And as we celebrate black history month, the blues reminds us that we've been through tougher times before--that's why I'm proud to have these artists here--and not just as a fan, but also as the president.
And at 30 this is definitely something to be proud of.
This woman says the games should have been returned to greece many years ago. And perhaps they should never leave greece but I am very proud the games are here.
You shouldn't be proud of despising your country.
Negroes were always so proud of being the bearers of evil tidings.
Neither scandinavian nor baltic, finns were proud of their nordic roots and a unique language only they could love ( or pronounce).
And be mighty proud of me.
Including cleveland--ranked least proud in the same study.
I brought you down here because I am so proud of you...
I brought you down here because I am so proud of you...
You sound almost proud of what you did.
You sound kind of proud of it. I am; I'm really proud.
And be proud of her.
And be proud of the amount of work you've done,
And be proud that his children are helping the avatar.
And be very proud of.
That will hence to forth long blight the memory of this proud institution.
You sound proud of it. Well, I feel like a complete idiot...
You sound very proud of that.
This year we're so proud to welcome
That would be a great idea. I'd be proud to have you at the precinct.
Never broke it. I'm very proud of that.
When david cameron has nothing to boast his proud country but culture and value, and when he still tries to maintain britain as an equal to china, his talk with wen will surely go anywhere but cozy.
But the big boys microsoft and sony have not been too proud to learn from their rival and this fall they introduced systems that go beyond the wii in bringing natural human movement into games.
But the big boys, microsoft and sony, have not been too proud to learn from their rival, and this fall they introduced systems that go beyond the wii in bringing natural human movement into games.
Thje far far away thjeatre at thje chjarming pavilion is proud to present...
Never let him steal my girl. I'm proud of you.
Indeed, many sierra leoneans are proud of the court's work and the precedents that it might set for other african countries.
I think we're all very proud of you.
Those coolly authoritative, gold-lettered reference books that were once sold door-to-door by a fleet of traveling salesmen and displayed as proud fixtures in american homes will be discontinued, company executives said.
Indeed, the u.s. may be the only effective external voice of reason during an increasingly dangerous phase in egypt's proud history.
I think we're proud of what we have done.
Indentured to the hutts for millennia, the klatooinians are nonetheless a proud people with a strong sense of tradition.
India has a proud record on inflation.
India has a proud record on inflation.
India is proud to be the backoffice of the world.
And brave enough to face himself when he is afraid; one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
I think you can be very proud of yourself.
Never proud of you.
Indians are rightly proud of their information-technology firms.
That you could be proud of for the rest of your life.
Indifferent, proud and aloof, once grow cold dense feeling to diffuse from the inner heart.
I think you handled it like a champ. And I'm proud of you.
I think you handled it like a champ. And I'm proud of you.
Never was a man less proud of his birthplace.
Never, never more shall we behold that generous loyalty to rank and sex, that proud submission, that dignified obedience, that subordination of the heart which kept alive, even in servitude itself, the spirit of an exalted freedom.
Nevertheless, I relented, proud with the fact that indeed, gemma is now on serious business of truth telling.
Nevertheless, I'm proud of you both.
When having a gay brother is the thing you're most proud of.
But the proud king did not heed Daniel.
But the proud locals loathe richard.
But the republicans are hoping to get most of the way there; and they are hoping, above all, to inflict a deep humiliation on the democrats by toppling one of the chief architects of barack obama's proud victory in reforming health care.
I think you must be proud of being a part of such a great company.
I can be proud of.
But the supposedly alienated proletariat soon morphed into proud welders and machinists and today it is the decline of factories that is perceived as a problem.
New blood for the center, your mother would be so proud of you.
That you see them, printing their proud hoofs...
I think you should be proud of yourself for all that you have done.
Those socks are clean! Of course I'm proud of them.
Relishing their country's reputation as the graveyard of empires, afghans are proud of having vanquished all the foreign armies that have ventured onto their soil.
Newly renovated in November 2013, this Elizabeth City hotel puts the comfort of guests first. With proximity to the Coast Guard Base and Air Station, we're proud to welcome those who serve and their families.
Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed,
And come to think of it, I'm a bit proud of myself.
Next thing I know, I'm the proud father
Next thing I know, I'm the proud father
God damn, I'm so proud of ya! Calm down, son.
Next to him was hera, his proud and greeneyed queen.
Next to him was hera, his proud and jealous queen.
Though he often faced criticism from those who found his style too rough and unkempt, olmsted was as proud of what he didn't do as what he did do.
God is proud of you
Inom very proud of you.
Inom very proud of you.
God jehovah renounced the proud king belshazzar.
God knows I've done some things I'm not proud of,
God knows I've done some things that I'm not proud of...
And despite that, I am very proud of you .
And despite that, I am very proud of you. - right, um...
Though the lord be high, yet hath he respect unto the lowly: but the proud he knoweth afar off.
When it comes down to it, you just have to be proud of the decision you made.
I can feel proud of mine.
Nha Trang and its surrounding area possess a proud tradition of beautiful craftsmanship.
NiI was really proud of ourselves,
NiI was really proud of ourselves,
You talk so proud and...
You talk so proud and... Forth right about being a lesbian.
That you'd be proud of me.
God! God, I'm proud of these men!
I think your dad will be very proud of you.
I think your dad would be very proud of you.
You talking about how proud you are of the work I've done at the empire.
You talking about how proud you are
Instead of bragging about your accomplishments, ask those around you about what they are most proud of and what they've achieved.
That you're not proud of helping your husband commit adultery.
That you're so proud to be with me.
That you're so proud to be with me.
I think your mom would be proud of you, too.
I think your mother would be proud that I'm finally doing something nice for myself.
I think your uncle will be proud of you.
God, I am so proud of you, Sara.
Nice job, your country is proud lot.
And do your very best for us so we can be proud to put our work on you,
Nice job. We're very proud of you.
Nice job. We're very proud of you.
Residents of al tadamon are proud of their role in tunisia's revolution.
Residents of al tadamon are proud of their role in tunisia's revolution.
That's a beautiful piece of work. You should be proud of it.
That's a brave fellow, but he is vengeance proud
God, I'm so proud of you, man...
That's a great shame. The embargo has allowed the castros to pose as proud cuban nationalists standing up to a bullying hegemon and thus helped them cling to power.
Nice to have a proud parent in my office.
God, he would've been proud of you.
Intel brings wireless power closer to the mainstream, nikola tesla would be proud
Intendant Pelletier would be proud of his daughter today.
Nice to meet you. So, uh, how proud are you?
That's a lot of telegrams. "Be proud of X.
That's a lovely idea, Marty. We're all so proud of you.
I thought I was like you, and proud to be.
I thought I was like you, and proud to be.
Nice work. You should be proud of that
Nice, buddy. I'm proud of you.
That's a very mature decision and I'm proud of you girls.
That's a very mature decision and I'm proud of you girls.
You want them to be proud of you,
Google's chrome browser is now two years old, and the youngster--and its proud parent--are celebrating its steady rise in popularity.
I can only be proud for openly fighting the Jews...
I can only imagine how proud they'll be.
That's all I'm saying, you should be proud of that.
Internationals requirements and are proud to be associated with ni in this project.
When she blows out the candles on her birthday cake, her proud parents start clapping.
Nice. Yes, I'm proud of it.
Nice. Yes, I'm proud of it.
Nice. You shouldn't be proud of that, Dan.
When she said my mom was going to be proud of me, I was excited.
When she said my mom was going to be proud of me, I was excited.
When she said she was proud of her son.
I can see a king that the people will love and be proud to call their sovereign.
And feel proud and know that my country is proud of me.
That's awesome. I'm proud of you.
And find immortality as only the gods once knew. I'm proud to serve with you. Good hunting.
I thought he was great. I really did. I'm really proud of him.
I thought he was great. I really did. I'm really proud of him.
Into the team is a very solemn, very proud thing.
When the baby was born, the proud father broke a bottle with his friends.
Rich dad was proud of me. My educated dad was ashamed.
When the czech republic when the opposition attacked haji ke, kraus to defend him, and said he did not feel proud for this event.
Riding on the ridge of the bridge, the proud bride shouts loudly to the cloud.
And for the indignity and degradation thus inflicted on a proud people and a proud culture, we say sorry.
That's fantastic. I'm really proud of you.
I can still feel how proud I was.
I thought that if he had something that he was proud of that...
I thought that if he had something that he was proud of that...
But they should be proud of each other's country,
When the silence sets in - and it will - be proud of this. Okay?
When the silence sets in - and it will - be proud of this. Okay?
I can tell you how proud I am.
I can tell you how proud I am.
Irene will be proud of you.
Got my chip and everything. That was a proud moment.
Thus, we do not have adequate arguments to affirm the reality of this objectivity which we use to be so proud of.
Thy youth's proud livery, so gazed on now,
Tianbao,I'm proud of you
When these guys were so proud
That's good. I'm proud of him,
That's good. You should be proud of that right there,
That's great, man. I'm proud of you.
That's great. I'm sure mom is really proud of you, sweets.
That's great. That is really great. Everybody, proud of you.
That's great. We're very proud of you.
Is a foul traitor to proud Hereford's king
Gou says he's proud of what he's accomplished at longhua.
Governments in the past, including japan in 1995, have been too proud to accept outside help, perhaps worsening the situation.
And he cried because he was so proud of you.
I can't believe I shook his hand. I'm so proud of you.
I thought you just teased yourself. - I am so proud of you!
I thought you said that you were proud of me. Well, I'm not.
Grandma, I'm proud to be your grandson.
Grandma, you'd be proud of me. I'm staying outta trouble.
Grandma, you'd be proud of me. I'm stayir outta trouble.
Grandpa is proud of you, buddy. XXXXXXXXX
Right, you have a lot to be proud of here.
I can't believe you're proud of that.
You were excellent out there, o. It made me feel very proud to -
Great game. I'm proud of you.
But this year saw a seven-point drop: only 41% felt proud to be part of china.
And he is so proud that his only son is taking his place at the firehouse
And he is then proud and pleased with that.
Great grandmas, all of them proud
Great job you got there. Job to be proud of.
You were great out there. I'm proud of you.
You were great. I was so proud of you,
You were great. I was so proud of you,
You were great. I'm so proud of you.
And he must be really proud of himself 'cause that's exactly how I turned out!
I can't decide if I'm feeling more proud or mortified.
I thought you were too proud take alimony.
When you are old and gray, and look back on your life, you will want to be proud of what you have done.
No matter how proud I am to be one with you, it is but little.
I thought you'd be mad - I'm not mad, I'm proud of you.
I thought you'd be proud of me in being responsible.
I thought you'd be proud of me.
To be a proud hero!
To be able to match our merchants 'pride in their own work with something that is appropriate for their countertop, something they can be proud of, compared with everything else jack has described, is really powerful.
You were never proud of me, were you?
You were overly proud of that definition.
You were proud at five?
You were so great! I was so proud of you!
You were so proud of it.
You were so proud of it.
You were so proud you'd just come to new York and done this all on your own.
You were so proud you'd just come to new York and done this all on your own.
To be extraordinarily proud of yourself
I thought, "I can be proud of my hobby".
No matter what your level, don't be too proud to do what needs to get done.
That's not anything that your family back home's gonna be too proud of, is it?
To be proud of me, just for once?
Great. I'm very proud of you.
And he was gentle, and you would have been proud of him.
I told her I was proud to work for them.
Great. My mother will be so proud to buy my record.
But we are just so proud of you
And he was too proud to ask for help.
That's not true. You're proud of who you are.
But we are very, very proud nonetheless.
And he would be proud of you, too.
Great. You are the proud new owner
Great. You are the proud new owner of a fully functioning liver.
I told him I was proud of him.
You weren't too proud to cock - a - leg for Groby.
You weren't too proud to cock a leg for him, eh?
But we common dogs are proud too, sometimes.
Greening the campus this way saves cost and gives us more to be proud of.
And he's so proud. He's really proud of who you are
And he's too proud to find out why she doesn't come.
And here I was so proud of you. For what?
And here I was, starting to feel proud of the way my systems were functioning.
You will be proud parents
You will be proud parents
You will be so proud of me, dad.
You will be very proud of him.
You will be very proud of him.
You will face king with proud expression...
No proud and is close to your humble servant, a proud heart must not be a gentleman.
No proud leader in this room wants to ask for aid.
That's something I'm proud of.
That's something to be proud of that you are fighting through it and slowly rising above it.
That's something to really be proud of, rico.
Rubble litters the streets and the buildings that once stood proud in the skyline are now vacant, shadowed hulks burning with eternal hellfire.
That's sweet; he was proud of you.
I told you they were going to sell. I'm proud of you.
You will. - I'm so proud of you, dad.
I told you your mother would have been proud of you, and she would have.
I told you! I expected it, I'm proud of you!
To do a news broadcast this company can and should be proud of.
Is it not also the deliberate but misguided strategy of a proud but economically backward people to get hold of the technological achievements of the west without becoming indebted to and dependent on it?
But we were mighty proud of our Buckeyes.
But we were really proud of it, really excited about it.
Rushmore, and are proud to be a popular stopping point for travelers working on their bucket list. Whether you're headed to the famous presidential rocks or on your way to the Badlands, you deserve to stay in a cozy and comfortable hotel.
I can't proud of what happened over there.
No sugar added "? And they're proud of that?
Russia has the know-how to fly safely because the soviet union had a proud history as a leading aerospace power.
Russians have some stellar examples to be proud of too, such as the mandelstams or andrei sakharov.
But we're incredibly proud of all these top 11.
But we're proud of what we do.
But we're proud of you for wanting to help someone.
But we're really proud of you.
But we're so proud of you! Details, I need details.
But what I'm most proud of...
But what I'm not proud of is what I've done since.
And how proud I am to be an American.
And how proud I am to have two members of my family
And how proud she was when you grew into this handsome, confident man.
And how proud your family are of what you've accomplished.
Where I come from, we didn't have nothing to be proud of.
To feel proud of the man our sons become.
Said, we are proud to be the only web site in hong kong winning the superbrands award, which demonstrates public acceptance of both government and commercial online services.
Sailor oh sailor won't you be proud to now find a light in the deadliest cloud the wisdom you've found, a surrendering sound sings through the surrendering night indescribable night indescribable night indescribable night is it you?
That's what I'm fucking talking about when I'm fucking proud of you.
You would be so proud of Noah out there today,
Guys, I'm really proud of you.
Guys, dad's very proud of his new car.
Guys, dad's very proud of his new car.
I can't talk about this for one more second because I'm proud of the fact that I have never been in therapy
I can't tell you how proud I am to be part of  a program
I can't tell you how proud I am to be part of a no pod ^ a program.
Samuel palmer did his best work in his 20s in a kentish village called shoreham, but the paintings he was most proud of
Is proud of you.
Is proud to name
Is proud to present a man who needs no introduction.
But when you try t o walk proud
And if he's too proud to pay...
But with a proud and obstinate nature...
You would've been proud of me.
You wouldn't be proud of a woman just because she can cook a meal?
Sanjay-"I am proud od you boys, congratulations, we did it".
That's when I learned I could make children feel proud of themself.
You wouldn't say "I'm proud to be 5 '11".
Haggis wasn't proud of his early years.
Save copies of job-related correspondence, reports of which you are proud to document your career.
I understand! I am really proud of you.
No, I am proud of you. But, sweetheart, if we lose the pro-Israel vote,
You'd be proud of me now, mother.
You'd be so proud of him.
You'd be so proud of me. We're all set for Keefe.
That's why you can forever be proud to be a graduate of the fine university that bears his name.
That's wonderful. You should feel proud of your progress.
That's your proud achievement? You think that's so big?
You'd have been proud of her.
You'd have been proud of me. I was a real team player.
You'd have been proud of me. I was a real team player.
Say that art crosses borders. After seeing the reality, I am proud to contribute my little grain of sand, transmitting a message of peace and freedom.
I used to be proud working for them; now I could care less. I'm just out here for the money.
The 'oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely,
Say you're proud of me.
The 50-year-old director, who never attended film school and began his career as an army theatre troupe scene painter, is proud to admit his commercial leanings.
And if you think you should be proud of how you got here, you're sadly mistaken.
I cannot stress enough how proud we at the statehouse are of you.
The Arts Council is proud to host exhibits throughout the year in the Texas Gallery.
The BEST WESTERN Horizon Inn is proud to offer the superior customer service that guests have come to expect from the Best Western name.
Says he `s very proud of himseIf.
The BEST WESTERN Oasis Inn is proud to offer superior customer service and a convenient location in Canadian.
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Carlton Plaza Hotel is proud to offer the finest in accommodations and friendly customer service at an affordable rate!
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Liverpool Hotel & Conference Centre is proud to offer superior customer service and a convenient location in Liverpool.
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Macomb Inn is proud to offer superior customer service and a convenient location in Macomb for lodging accommodations.
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Parkersville Inn & Suites is proud to offer superior customer service and a convenient location in Washougal.
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Pembina Inn & Suites is proud to sponsor many university functions and events.
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Seminole Hotel & Suites is proud to offer superior customer service to ensure a comfortable and memorable stay!
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Sunset Suites-Riverwalk is proud to offer superior customer service and a convenient location in San Antonio.
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Victorian is Green Seal Silver Certified and a proud sponsor of the Monterey Jazz Festival.
The BEST WESTERN Seven Oaks hotel is proud to have the only Ricky's All Day Grill Restaurant and Lounge in Regina just down the hall from your guest room; a great place for a quiet conversation or a late night snack.
The Copacabana is proud to present the king of one - liners...
The Fort stands proud and sturdy against the hillside, staring at you with eyes from the past, barely containing the lingering whispers of traders and scoundrels long since gone.
The French are proud and highly xenophobic when it comes to cooking.
But you challenged yourself, you became a strong man. I'm proud of you.
But you could tell he was really proud of himself.
Ham, he has done something to be proud of.
And if you're too proud for that, turn the matter over to me.
Han fei has peerless genius, but a proud and; and ningyang princess love, but can not be combined; and the king of qin sympathetic, but zhitong dao substandard.
Is that something you'll be proud of?
Where upon I tell her my sister would be so proud and happy
No, I mean really proud of me.
The Marine Corps attracts government and military officials, and we're proud to serve those who serve.
The National Guard Armory is minutes away, and we're proud to host service men and women along with their loved ones.
The National Guard is also located nearby, and we're proud to host service men and women from around the country.
I chopped it down myself, I'm proud to say.
You'll be so proud of me.
No, I meant I'm proud of you for not losing
To make the base earth proud with kissing it.
I come by to tell you that if you want me to take his ashes up there on brokeback like his wife says he wanted I'd be proud to.
I wanna do something I can be proud of.
But you gotta know how proud I am of you, J.J.
But you have to be so proud that you have made it this far.
But you just said you were proud of how much I've changed.
Scored twice but the result has been a proud enough robinho.
I confessed I didn't know anything about the chicken issue, but I didn't have to agree with the senator on everything to be proud to work for him.
I consider myself having played game really well. So I'm proud of what di.
And instead, I am now a proud member
No, I wasn't particularly proud of my car
The Wild Game Festival also draws a crowd, and with the Hondo Army Air Field Fly-In nearby, we&rsquo;re proud to host those who serve on a regular basis.
Happy and proud that you're finally getting into this part
The actor Patrick Stewart is a long-time baldy and proud of it.
I want cayla to be proud of me.
I want everybody to be proud of me and
I want everyone to see just how proud
Screw dad. I'm gonna make you proud of me.
Seaman is proud to have passed an appreciation for art to her three sons, one of whom, michael, stamps copper and sells his creations.
I want him to be proud of me.
Is your dad proud of you?
Is your father proud of you? don't do this to yourself.
The all-electric, bug-shaped car is the proud vision of nissan ceo carlos ghosn's, who predicted u.s. leaf sales would double to 20,000 in 2012.
To paraphrase the satirist tom lehrer, it makes a fellow proud to be a banker.
No, I'm proud of you for taking responsibility.
No, I'm proud of you working.
No, I'm proud of you. It's really good.
No, I'm proud of you.
I want mother to be proud of me.
And it had so much heart, and that's what I'm the most proud of.
Islam has a proud tradition of tolerance.
Hardly anybody says that we are not proud of you because we cannot show your film, or if we're proud of you we have to overthrow everything that exists.
No, I'm very proud of you.
I want my children to be proud of their mother, you know?
No, Jess, I'm not. I'm actually very proud of you. You were brave
No, Peter, I'm proud of you.
No, and I'm not real proud of that either.
I want my new classmates to know I'm proud of my heritage.
I want my parents to be proud of me. I think I can do a good job.
I want our child to be proud of us,
I want to be proud you, Brian, and you just keep -
I want to climb Kilimanjaro, because I want my family to be proud of me.
The applause and feeling proud also indicate that though affect may be less disguised than ideas in the dream, the manifest affect may be distorted and misleading if unanalysed.
And it made me proud as a songwriter.
I want to feel your love and that you're proud of me.
To proud indeed am I to receive wages, but not gifts.
Has provided me with a reputation I will always be proud of.
No, but we... Serious, we are very, very proud of you.
Where's the mustache, son? You used to be so proud of it.
No, but, listen, you mu be really proud of yourself, though.
The artists look proud of their work-and it's under-sand-able.
The assassin was successful. Was quite proud of himself, I might add.
The assassin was successful. Was quite proud of himself, I might add.
See his head held proud and high
See how proud he looks
But you think I'm proud of myself?
Israelis are rightly proud of their high-tech miracle.
I could not be more proud of this woman. She's given me everything.
I could not have been more proud of you.
See riches& born flattery expressions, is most shameful; meet poor& do proud expressions, is most despicable.
I want to hear my proud lungs banging
Haughty eyes and a proud heart, the lamp of the wicked, are sin!
Have - have I done stuff for money that I'm not proud of?
Have - have I done stuff for money that I'm not proud of?
Have I done stuff for money that I'm not proud of?
Have I done stuff for money that I'm not proud of? sure.
Have I done stuff for money that I'm not proud of? sure.
Have I done stuff for ney that I'm not proud of?
Have I ever told you how proud I am to be your mother.
Have I ever told you how proud I am to be your mother.
To save others lives. Yes ma 'am, I am very proud of you.
But you'll be proud of yourself.
But you'll be proud when you see your mother in her red dress on TV.
And it's good. And I'm proud of you.
I want to make you proud of me.
The beast was given a mouth uttering proud boasts and blasphemies, and it was given authority to act for forty-two months.
The beautiful catalane and noble countess had lost both her proud glance and charming smile, because she saw nothing but misery around her;
It bears a proud name, doesn't it, Mr. Cob? - very proud, sir!
It bears a proud name, doesn't it, Mr. Cob?
To see them having fun, and to have some fun yourself, crossAndersens Boulevard and enter Tivoli Gardens. You won t be alone. More thanfive million people a year come here. They come to dance, dine, take in outdoorand indoor concerts, see ballets and laugh at the comedy. One tip: Bring a lotof money. About 20 restaurants are among the city's most expensive. Evenwithout money, you can still enjoy the proud old trees, the colored nightlights and the beautiful gardens. You might feel as if you are in a fairy tale.
I want to run a fucking campaign that my kids can be proud of,
I want to show you boys something that I'm real proud of.
I want to show you boys something that I'm real proud of.
Whether it is proud to be cool or street-gang, I always feel like a.
And it's not just any old chocolate: the belgians are proud of quality and innovation, and flanders in particular boasts some of the planet's finest and most imaginative chocolatiers.
I want to tell you as a friend, I'm so proud of you.
See, I would have thought you'd be proud to tell me that.
Have a very long and proud tradition of winning and excellence,
See, he ain't too proud to yell.
The board and judges of the sex-positive journalism awards are proud to announce the winners of the 2009 sexies.
And it's why I'm proud to call him my dad.
I want us to stand proud and walk tall.
You're as proud of me as punch, ain't you, aged P?
No, it'll be fun while it lasts. I'm proud of you, cowboy.
I want you lot to know that today I was proud to be a part of this team.
It didn't get itself unified until quite late in life and until then was a peninsula of warring city-states dominated by proud local princes or other european powers.
I couldn't be more proud of you.
But you're too proud to let her know where you got it from, aren't you?
You're at work, but you'd be proud of me.
Whether you're here for business at Aldi Warehouse or you simply want to get away from it all, we're proud to offer the best in service and quality.
Whether you're here for business at Aldi Warehouse or you simply want to get away from it all, we're proud to offer the best in service and quality.
I want you to be proud of me.
But you've done an incredible job and you should be proud of yourself.
And just be proud of her no matter what group she's in.
Have mom and I ever made you extremely proud of us?
And just everything that I've endured, I am I am so proud of myself.
You're beautiful. I'm proud to call you my girlfriend.
You're beautiful. I'm proud to call you my girlfriend.
Have no power at all to bring me to a proud twitching stand.
I want you to know I'm proud of the man you've become.
I want you to know just one thing: I'm proud of you.
I want you to know just one thing: I'm proud of you.
I want you to know that I am proud of you.
I want you to know that I'm damned proud
I want you to know that I'm damned proud of each and every one of you.
I want you to know that I'm damned proud of each and every one of you.
I want you to know that I'm proud Neither of what I've done or am doing.
I want you to know that I'm proud Neither of what I've done or am doing.
I want you to know that I'm proud Neitherneither of what I've done or am doing.
I want you to know that I'm proud Neitherneither ofwhatof what I've done or am doing.
I want you to know that I'm really proud of you, son,
I want you to know that I'm really proud of you, son,
I want you to know that I'm really proud of you, son.
I want you to know that I'm really proud of you, son.
I want you to know you can be very proud of your father.
Seek not proud riches, but such as thou mayest get justly, use soberly, distribute cheerfully, and leave contentedly.
And killed the baby she was carrying. I bet you're proud of that, huh?
The brother was very proud of his sister
But, actually, I'm kind of proud of myself that I came alone.
And last week I was proud to nominate him to lead the world bank--dr. jim yong kim.
Select tibet, because the hard life is the best whetstone sharpening stone; dedication tibet, because the mission enough to make me proud of the glorious life!
The cat is now the proud owner of cash, shares and a property empire which includes flats and houses in rome and milan and land in calabria.
Which his father would be proud to see completed.
I wanted him to be proud of me...
And let herself go with the flow of things, a tolerance she was proud of.
And let herself go with the flow of things, a tolerance she was proud of.
I wanted my father to be so proud of me.
I decided to find my niche in life where I could feel proud of being the best I could be.
Which is just something I'm very proud of
You're doing great. I'm proud of you.
But, like any proud parent, he would not say which one was his favorite.
To the cloud, I say this again even though I know that saying it everyday won't be enough, I am so proud of the cloud. And thank you.
It had been a hugely proud day.
You're doing well. I'm very proud of you.
You're doing well. I'm very proud of you.
You're doing well. I'm very proud of you.
The chef ding is very proud to say that I use this knife for 19 years, still like new.
I deserve to be with someone who's proud of me.
Which is why I'm not proud of what happened next.
Which is why I'm so totally proud of him.
Came to this community is to experience a living, do you think is the reality of this society is necessary, perhaps you are not proud of your own ends meet due, blame the society is too realistic.
I wanted to have a son that I could be proud of.
Have you made many of these "ain't too proud to beg" calIs in the past?
Have you made many of these "ain't too proud to beg" calIs in the past?
I did a lot of things lately that I'm not proud of.
I did a lot of things lately that I'm not proud of.
I did a lot of things lately that I'm not proud of.
I did a lot of things lately that I'm not proud of.
I did a lot of things lately that I'm not proud of.
And made him proud of heart, to ride on a Bay trotting - horse on a four - inch bridge?.
The chinese seemed justifiably proud of their economic achievements.
The chinese seemed justifiably proud of their speedy economic evelopment.
The chinese were surprisingly proud in 2008 when thousands of volunteers rushed to help victims of a massive earthquake in szechuan.
It has been live for a year but kantor officially launched a version he is proud of in may.
To the present, one mentioned on the sisters, sisters say, like cecilia cheung, lane are proud of the whole.
I wanted to show you how proud I am of you,
Which made him proud
To the proud father of the bride...
I did good. I'm proud of myself.
I wanted to tell you all how proud I am of you,
Which makes you the proud owner...
To the very proud owner.
I did it! I left the mess. aren't you proud of me?
I did it! I left the mess. aren't you proud of me?
Which program are you referring to? A program I am very proud of.
It has to do with respect and clear tasking, and being involved in projects that they can be proud of.
You're going to be so proud of yourself.
I did some things I'm not proud of.
I did some things I'm not proud of.
I did some things in Iraq I'm not proud of.
I did something that I'm not proud of.
I did something that I'm not proud of.
I did something that I'm not too proud of wait.
I did something that I'm not too proud of wait.
I did something, something I'm not proud of.
The city is proud of its conservative culture but also poised for the kind of headlong growth that has exhilarated and exhausted the residents of bangalore and mumbai.
Sergeant Basilone, you make me proud to be a marine
Sergeant York, I am proud that you are of the all - American division.
It has wiped out the century-old humiliation of the chinese nation and activated the national spirit, and we are very proud of it.
The city of Los Angeles is proud to present to the royal family
The city of Los Angeles is proud to present to the royal family
To think I'm proud of myself.
I did what I could do and enjoyed it and I'm proud of that.
I did what I could do and enjoyed it and I'm proud of that.
I did what I could do and enjoyed it. I'm proud of that.
I did what I could do and enjoyed it. I'm proud of that.
No, no, she's too proud to ask for the money.
I did what I had to do. And you're proud of that?
I did what I had to do. And you're proud of that?
And mommy, you would've been so proud of her.
I was I was so proud of myself
I was I was so proud of myself
And my brother would have been proud to know you, all of you.
I did. But I'm proud of you.
Which you appear to be very proud of. I am.
Which you appear to be very proud of. I am.
No, no. I'm proud of you.
Which, I'm proud to say,
Which, I'm proud to say,
Which, I'm proud to say,
It is a prickly country, proud of its history and wary of the other great peoples-arabs, turks and russians-who ring it.
It is a proud horse that will not bear his own provender.
It is a proud tradition in china to have four generations living under one roof.
I was also proud that the only arkansan ever to run for national office, senator joe t. robinson, was the running mate of the first catholic candidate for president, governor al smith of new york, in 1928.
It is a solution that we are very proud of, and it has helped us become the number one choice for enterprises and governments.
Can I just tell you how proud I am of you?
I didn't bring those today, but I did bring something I'm really proud of,
While I was watching you, all I could think of is your parents must be so proud of you.
It is amazing to think about how far computing has come since then, and we can all be proud of the role Microsoft played in that revolution.
While admitting that it was not for a political office that god created monseigneur welcome, we should have understood and admired his protest in the name of right and liberty, his proud opposition, his just but perilous resistance to the all-powerful napoleon.
It is because he is a proud and enthusiastic user of his own company's technology.
And no, to answer your question, I'm not proud of it.
I didn't know - I'm so proud of him. He was a great writer.
Having others pay your check is worth showing off, paying your own is worth proud of.
Today I'm proud to be a computer hacker.
No, not smart. Not something to be proud of.
I was born and raised in the greatest country on earth and proud of it, and don't you ever call me a Polack.
Today is a day all of Eureka should be proud of.
Today is the first day my son is proud of his father.
And so I am proud to announce the winner...
It is happening at a time when americans--historically proud of the nation's manufacturing might--are showing frustration with the migration of those jobs to china and elsewhere.
Today it symbolizes the city's freedom and proud spirit.
The contrast between westminster and whitehall is telling. Parliament is full of people who are proud to have little or no understanding of the eu.
While proud to receive this honor, salce confesses that he is also quite humbled.
While she acknowledges, and is proud of, the "red blood" that affords her all kinds of privileges, she is also keenly aware of the responsibilities that accompany her illustrious name.
And so ended the reign of the once proud dragon warrior.
No, please. I'm proud to have you for the ceremony tomorrow.
No, please. I'm proud to have you for the ceremony tomorrow.
No, please. I'm proud to have you for the ceremony tomorrow.
No, please. I'm proud to have you for the ceremony tomorrow.
Can be the example of the whole world's proud woman
You're just a proud dad, like every other dad watching his little girl head off to college.
You're just a proud dad, like every other dad watching his little girl head off to college.
He admitted he was wrong and he took his licks, and I'm damn proud of him.
I didn't know... I'm so proud of him. He was a great writer.
While you puff up, all smug and proud and self-satisfied!
It is not something I am proud of.
Today, I am proud to present the fruits of my son's labor.
Today, I am so proud that my husband, who owns his own trucking company, is a true self-made man.
Today, I'm proud to be able to sit before y 'all.
It is proud of it new car.
Who I am proud to have as my son - in - law...
Shall I point out the things we are proud of no matter how boring.
Shall I point out the things we are proud of no matter how boring.
Today, the berber flag and the berber symbol depicting a free man are displayed alongside the libyan flag in the village, with local residents openly and equally proud of both their cultural heritage and their national identity.
Today, we are proud simply to be Americans.
It is the gardener of the hot line that people all say the rabbi, for this I very feel proud of.
You're living your dream, and I am so proud of you.
It is the story of a thirteenth century warrior-a handsome and proud samurai-who falls in love with a dainty japanese lady whom he aids and saves during a palace revolt and later requests in marriage, only to learn that she already is wed.
Shane, I am so proud of you. I truly am.
Shapeshifter, and proud of it.
Shares in his father's once - proud toy company
Together, we offered a final, proud salute to the colors under which more than a million of our fellow citizens fought--and several thousand gave their lives.
The czechs are very proud of a new police station and footbridge they have constructed.
Told him how proud of him I am,
And tell him how proud I am?
And tell him we're really proud of you.
She also explained to the jury that mitchell was inordinately proud of his genitalia, which he referred to as "immanuel's pride."
I was gonna tell him I was proud of him.
I was gonna tell him I was proud of him.
I was gonna tell him how far he's come and how proud I was of him for that.
I was happy and proud to keep going, just for you.
The deal is "an aggressive, mature move for google, one that shows that senior management is not too proud or stubborn to see that they can't build everything themselves," says henry blodget, an analyst at cherry hill research.
You're mocking me because I'm proud of my culture?
It isn't! Look, I'm just proud of him.
And that I am truly proud of.
The demonstrators, led by leading businessman branko marinkovic, hail from the country's wealthier eastern half, where many locals disdain president evo morales, a populist former union leader and proud member of the poorer indigenous class.
And that he was from Illinois. Chet was proud of that.
And that is why I am so proud to announce
I don't know if I'm proud of you or ashamed or just sad for humanity
I don't know if I'm proud of you
You're not allowed to touch it. Well, we're very proud of you.
Who he loved more than anything and was so very proud of.
Who knows, we might even start to leave behind text messages and comment threads that our civilization can be proud of.
Who out there is proud to be straight?
Who wouldn't be proud to count shel amongst their friends and their family?
Who wouldn't be proud to wear this pair of defective sneakers
It looks as if the only way europe's proud aerospace champion can survive is by matching boeing's increasingly global game.
It made me feel proud that we were able to win and bring him in and let him experience this.
It made me feel very proud to be a sierra!
It makes me feel like you're not proud of me.
It makes me proud to be your wife.
It makes me proud to have you as my own personal hairdresser.
It makes me proud you're so smart,
Tonight is a chance for the nation to give thanks...... thanks for making us proud to be british.
Tonight we are proud to be joined by two of the surviving fathers of rock and roll
Norlisk has a proud history of...er...being a slave labor camp. Yeah.
The difference between ms. chua and me, I suppose-between proud chinese mothers and ambivalent western ones-is that I felt guilty about having berated my daughter for failing to deliver the report card I expected.
I was in politics for a long time and I'm proud of my service.
I was in politics for a long time and I'm proud of my service.
Can you name three accomplishments you are most proud of?
It may be a very proud woman.
Nossel said the u. s.was proud to be taking a leading role in promoting the idea that gay rights are human rights-among the sharper foreign policy redirections that occurred after president barack obama took office.
He can pursue a career, mama. A man as proud and vital as Franklin?
The director was proud to have such a panting in his museum.
It may not be as glamorous and financially rewarding as one in the private or public sector, but the immediate and enduring contributions to society are immense, professional accomplishments anyone would be proud of.
I don't know what I can do for you, but I'll be damn proud to try.
And that you're not proud of.
And that you're not proud of.
You're not going to be proud of yours
It may sound funny, but I'm proud of it.
She must be proud of you. - She is proud of me.
She must be proud of you. - She is proud of me.
She must be proud of you. She is proud of me.
Who's proud of something they really suck at.
She must be so proud of you.
She must be very proud of you. You've been such a brave, big boy.
She must be very proud of you.
And that's why I am proud To introduce my friend and exroommate.
Not a song to be proud of, though.
You're not proud to be a penguin.
And that's why I'm not too proud of the things I said to you the other day
You're not still mad at me, are you?no, Peter, I'm proud of you.
She must know how proud I am of her,
She must know how proud I am of her, how much I love her.
She must know how proud I am of her,
And the Carney cattle office, once that proud icon of Darwin...
And the I'm absolutely proud of this record.
Not as proud as me.
Canadians have long been proud of the industrious beaver, an animal capable of cutting down 216 trees a year with its teeth and of surviving the long winter in a purpose-built lodge made of mud, twigs and bark.
Not being proud - I learned that from my mother.
The girls did us proud by organizing a fabulous party.
The god of all grace works in all his children, humbling the proud and exalting the humble, to make them ripe and sweet.
I was just thinking how proud I am of you.
I was just too proud to say it out loud.
It must have been a proud moment for mcdonald's when they sold their millionth hamburger--proving the success of richard and maurice mcdonald's system of making meals quickly that milkshake machine salesman ray kroc recognized and ultimately scaled.
Too proud of yourself, my mum used to say that.
Too proud to admit that we were in trouble.
Too proud to be aseeing eye dog.
Too proud to cross the street because she can't have her own cake?
Too proud to let anyone know...
The government led by president susilo bambang yudhoyono should be equally concerned by a number of developmental indicators that put indonesia, a proud member of the g20, on par with sub-saharan africa.
The governor introduced him to the ranchers, proud of lyman's good looks, his correct dress, his ease of manner.
I don't know whether to be proud or concerned.
I don't know whether to be scared or proud of my cousin.
It occurred to me, and I'm not proud of it,
It occurred to me, and I'm not proud of it,
You're pretty proud of yourself, aren't you?
You're pretty proud of yourself, aren't you?
The great Zerbino circus is proud to present it's audience
The great Zerbino circus is proud to present it's audience
You're proud of admiring someone so far below your station?
You're proud of admiring someone so far below your station?
You're proud of me for going to prison?
You're proud of me for going to prison?
You're proud of me?
You're proud of your dad.
You're proud to have filed charges against ho?
You're proud. You're allowed to be a proud mom.
You're proud
The great zerbino circus is proud to present it's audience.
Captain I'd be proud to recommend you...
Whoa. My education - I mean, I'm proud of my education.
The greek sailer feels proud to be friends with a chinese.
It saved the king's life, I'd have been very proud of you.
She put the key in the latch just as proud as she pleased.
She put them around my neck. Like... Like she was proud of them.
She put them around my neck. Like... Like she was proud of them.
You're respected, you're law abiding, you're performing an important civil service for the finest city in the world. You should be proud of that.
You're respected, you're law abiding, you're performing an important civil service for the finest city in the world. You should be proud of that.
You're so brave. I'm proud of you.
You're so good at this. I'm so proud of you.
You're so proud of it, aren't you?
You're so proud of it, aren't you?
You're so proud of yourself for what you think you discovered, you just couldn't wait to tell me.
You're so proud of yourself for what you think you discovered, you just couldn't wait to tell me.
You're so proud of yourself, aren't you?
Not for the proud man apart
The handles stand proud of the doors of the car.
I was pretty proud of myself.
I was proud
I was proud of her.
I was proud of him, I guess.
I was proud of him, I guess.
I was proud of my team tonight but a little let down in certain areas. Breathiness and nervous.
I was proud of myself.
I was proud of that.
I was proud of the way I performed in my challenges.
I was proud of what you did earlier.
I was proud of you tonight.
I was proud of you, man.
I was proud of you. When are you due back?
I was proud of you. don't make me ashamed.
I was proud of you.
I was proud of your courage.
I was proud that we did a great job on the avant - garde look.
I was proud to be at your side.
I was proud to call him my friend.
I was proud to call you my friend.
I was proud to go.
I was proud to know douglas, pleased to have been even tangentially connected with his and mark's great and pioneering project, but I cannot honestly say that over the following 15 or so years I gave last chance to see much more thought.
I was proud to lead it.
I was proud to lead it.
I was proud to see her go.
I was proud to see her go.
I was proud to see they were fascinated by chinese culture. After all, the figurines, small as they were, had showcased the charm of chinese folk art.
I was proud to tell his wife I shot his killers.
I was quite proud of myself for plucking up the courage to ask him if he wanted to meet up, and relieved when he said yes.
It sounds funny, but I was so proud of him.
It sounds funny, but I was so proud of him.
It sounds like we should be proud of you. Except I think I started it.
He did have been proud of you coming back, Mr. Price.
I was really proud of the way I deliveder it with emotion.
I was really proud with the way my outfit turned out.
You're the proud father of 18 years of child support.
You're the proud father of 18 years of child support.
It takes a lot of courage to say what you said. I'm very proud of you.
Carney's paddock, once proud icon Darwin, is now military HQ.
Tracing back, we could be proud that the two countries have established historic ties with one another for a fairy long time: as early as 1842, namely, three years after the foundation of new zealand, some chinese had set their feet on the land of new zealand.
She said she already is proud of you.
She said she already is proud of you.
He did. I'm proud of him.
Carolyn burnham: your father seems to think this type of behavior is something to be proud of.
It was Incredible, and they were so proud of me.
You're too proud for that, aren't you? Nan...
You're too proud to accept anything from me.
You're too proud to admit you were saved by a girl.
You're too proud to save your own life? Fine.
I don't know. I just know she's proud of me, man.
The historical figures had to be tortured to buttress this claim, but the prime minister remains inordinately proud of his success as chancellor.
I don't know. I'm just proud of you.
I don't know. I'm not certain. I think no matter what, you should be very proud of yourselves.
And the other "chicago booth", and I am proud to wear them both.
I was so proud of all of them.
I was so proud of both of them that it was a really, really hard decision.
I was so proud of her,
I was so proud of her, but it meant she had to spend a lot more time at - at the club.
I was so proud of my baby
I was so proud of my baby
I was so proud of myself I fucked my brother,man.
I was so proud of myself as well because I got all 20
I was so proud of myself for
I was so proud of myself when I thought of it because you're impossible to buy for.
I was so proud of myself, accomplishing the impossible.
I was so proud of myself.
I was so proud of them too
I was so proud of them too
I was so proud of them.
I was so proud of you today.
I was so proud of you today.
I was so proud of you tonight.
I was so proud of you.
I was so proud of you. You were so good last night.
I was so proud of you. You've broken new York.
I was so proud to be here and sit and watch that.
I was so proud to show you off,
I was so proud when you buried the list in the patio.
Why am I proud of lang long?
It was a proud moment for him.
It was a proud moment for illinois this week, as the state's favourite son became president.
I was sorry that he would not develop his athletic talent, but proud that he had made such a mature decision.
Why am I suddenly too proud to do it for my kids?
She said you were doing good. Said she was proud of you.
She said you were doing good. Said she was proud of you.
Why are you always so proud of that?
Not proud of how I've been acting lately.
Not proud of it, but hungry is hungry.
Not proud of what I did.
You're welcome. And I'm proud of you for trying to change.
It was an honest man and proud to be an englishman.
It was at that moment I decided to do whatever it took to make my mom proud of me.
And the south koreans, proud of their achievements and eager to tell the world, are doing everything they can to oblige. It is an effective exercise of "soft" power.
Cause you were too proud to live there, remember?
Cause you're too proud
Cause you're too proud
Trouw newspaper added: "the netherlands has always been proud of having a royal family without too much pomp. Queen's day was always the party where the people and the royals could meet each other without restraint-and now we face the painful question of whether that will ever be possible again."
Troy looked puzzled for a moment, not expecting this child-like cry from his proud wife.
I was thinking I'm really proud of you.
Truck parking is also available, and we&rsquo;re proud to be a home away from home for many truckers and road trippers year-round.
Trustworthy, on a professional level and for that I am very proud of you,
I was too proud to think straight.
I was vain, proud of being a doctor just back from Nagasaki.
I was vain, proud of being a doctor just back from Nagasaki.
I was very proud of her, the fact that she didn't do that.
I was very proud of you. That was great.
I was very proud to be part of it.
I was very, very oroudf my partner last week and I was very proud of us.
I was very, very proud of my partner and us.
And the truth is that you should be very proud of yourself.
And the two of you will be the proud parents
And the two of you will be the proud parents
Why are you proud of that? It's gross.
The implication, bizarrely, is that south koreans too are protected by, and proud of, the north's deterrent.
It was her proud boast that she had never missed a day's work because of illness.
Why are you so proud all of a sudden?
It was his proud boast that he brought water, security and good government to the many tribes incorporated into his empire.
It was his proud boast that he had never missed a day's work because of illness.
Center tdtrtable we are proud to present you.
The inhabitants are proud of their urban culture.
The interior is planned with a precision the military would be proud of.
It was in you, a free and proud citizenry,
Trying to make you proud of me, or at least a little less ashamed.
You've done a superb job. I am so proud of you.
You've done a superb job. I am so proud of you.
You've done really, really well. I'm really proud of you.
You've done the city proud
You've got an apartment in the city, a great job and your dad's all proud of you.
Not to mention the ona gang has a proud his tory going back to the Tokugawa period.
It was like seeing a proud elephant reduced to peanut tricks at the zoo,
It was my grandmother's name and she was proud of it.
It was noted he was proud of in retrospect,
The japanese are justly proud of their health-care system.
It was so amazing. And we're so proud of you.
Tunisians feel proud that their spark has ignited a regional upheaval.
Not too proud of this one, but a small bag of potato chips does wonders for me.
Not too proud stealing money from a dead man.
Not too proud to wear hand-me-down clothes.
It was the first time my parents ever said they were proud of me!
I wasn't proud of it, but I prayed something bad would happen to him.
I wasn't proud of myself then.
I wasn't proud of myself,
I wasn't proud of what I did and doing it didn't actually make me feel any better.
You've made it to the last step. I think you should be proud of yourself for all that you have done.
And then we flew over to andrews air force base and he walked up the front and he gave me one of his personal coins, and then he said he was very proud of us.
You've make me very proud
You've never done it before - virgin. Damn proud of it.
You've never done it before - virgin. Damn proud of it.
Not with knapely being such a proud WL, with an unblemished reputation,
He felt proud when his trophy was prominently placed in the school's trophy cabinet.
He fires the proud tops of the eastern pines
He fires the proud tops of the eastern pines
She thinks I'm not proud of her, and I am incredibly proud of her. It's just...
She thinks I'm not proud of her, and I am incredibly proud of her. It's just...
Note that I'm not asking if you are proud to be living in singapore. I asked if you were proud to be a singaporean.
He gagged and began vomiting as his wife followed him around offering another piece all the while espousing how proud she was to have prepared it for him.
Nothing I'm proud of.
Nothing I'm proud of.
Chaste women are often proud and forward, as presuming.
Chaste women are often proud and froward, as presuming.
It will make me very proud indeed.
And there's his daughter there, he's gonna be ever so proud of you.
Cheers. couldn't be more proud of you, son.
Nothing special proud old spinster lisuying ( zhangnala personate)!
Nothing to be proud of, you understand, just an old bucket,
Now I am proud of my hairy lip. I sit playing with it when I am thinking, or watching tv.
Now I'm not proud of this, and I will deny it if asked,
Now I'm not sure if edison would be proud or rolling in his grave, but one thing's for sure: let's hope no one hits the power switch on the way out of the door on this bulb.
Now I'm proud I kept his portraits.
It would have been nice to see him that proud of us.
He got the job! - we're so proud of you.
Chelsea Inn is winner of 2012, 2013, and 2014 Trip Advisor award, and we are proud to offer you the best vacation experience possible.
Young man. We are mighty proud of you.
Chief executive tung chee-hwa of hong kong sar, said in his national day message the day before yesterday, "I feel very proud of being a chinese, and I'm also very proud of the development of our country."
He had been knighted in 1998 and was very proud of the distinction.
The library is a huge storehouse. Thomas Edison's first movie and Houdini's magic books reside there. And it is the proud owner of the world's best collection of comic books.
I don't think I've ever been as proud of you as I am right now.
Your Papa must be proud of his son.
Your Uncle was very proud of you.
Your Uncle was very proud of you.
Your a pair is proud from now on of Korea troops
And they belong to this proud working dog named Minnie.
I don't think any of us are proud of what went on.
I don't think he ever knew how proud I felt of him.
Uh, you are joining the world of human beings, so proud of you.
The little boy was very proud of having raised the trees from small seedings.
And they did! Oh, your father would be so proud of you.
I will be proud and happy myself, provided amid all this you do not forget me.
I will be proud because I live in a great era soldiers hecktor living in the eternal god of war era achilles.
The local resident was felt proud is, is called "chiangnan wonderfully plays" the dragon dance performance, merely is in this year culture festival "whets the appetite togetherthe vegetable".
Your boy's too proud to come before me himself.
China has long been proud of sun tzu.
China is a nation that is proud of the virtu of filial piety.
China is a proud nation with a turbulent history, and it makes no secret of its superpower ambitions.
He had this way of smiling at me, this way of tossing a backhanded compliment, letting me know he was proud of me and my achievements.
He had this way of smiling at me, this way of tossing a backhanded compliment, letting me know he was proud of me and my achievements.
She wants you to know how proud she is of you.
She wants you to know how proud she is of you.
Why shouldn't I be proud of my country?
I will depart office proud of my administration's record. And I will spend the rest of my life grateful for the opportunity to have served as president of the greatest nation on earth.
I will die proud Russian man,
Now hinkler books is proud to bring school zone to the rest of the world.
It's Slim! I got Slim! Rico's gonna be so proud of me!
He hails from Texas. Judge he's proud of his cowlick.
Your brothers will be proud
She was a proud dragon with huge, golden scales encasing the powerful muscle beneath.
And they took all of our money, and I'm not proud of it.
Now if you'd been behind these bombings you would have been proud of him.
Your chief will be proud of your vigilance.
China's rulers are still proud and sometimes prickly, but for reasons good and bad they have changed.
China's rulers are still proud and sometimes prickly, but for reasons good and bad they have changed.
China's rulers are still proud and sometimes prickly, but for reasons good and bad they have changed.
China's rulers are still proud and sometimes prickly, but for reasons good and bad they have changed.
I don't think there's anything to be proud of
And they were really proud to see us in there...
It's a bit of a presumptuous question, but I'm proud of what we have achieved at shapeways.
And they're powerful examples of how we can rebuild an economy that's focused on what our country has always done best making and selling products all over the world that are stamped with three proud words: "made in america."
The m23 people are proud now and they see kinshasa.
Chinese law enforcement is strangely proud
Chinese people around the world are proud that china will host the games.
And this fine accommodation has a proud history of giving warm welcomes and fond farewells...over three Centuries' worth in fact!
Chinese traditional clothes, han dress, cloth shoes and a proud heart "made in china".
Your dad must be so proud of you.
Your dad must have really been proud of you.
Your dad was so proud of himself.
Ukip is proud of its own climate scepticism, and says it would repeal the 2008 climate change act, remove al gore dvds from schools, allow wind turbines only offshore, and so on.
Your dad would have been proud of you.
Your dad would have been proud too.
Your dad'd be proud of you, boy.
Now look at you, I'm so proud of you.
Your daddy should be proud of you.
Your daddy would have been so proud of you.
Your daddy's gonna be so proud of you.
And this one I'm particularly proud of.
And this paper is proud to run it.
The majority of americans would certainly deny this, though most feel proud to amass wealth and possessions through hard work.
Um, I am proud to present
He has no plans for tougher immigration or asylum controls, and is proud that his government made it legal for asylum-seekers to work.
I will say we're proud of you.
I will say, I am proud to be an American.
And this, I'm particularly proud of-behind the headlights, stinger missiles!
It's a gift, I'm proud to be part of it.
And though hou is proud of his films, he thinks the dearth of commercial films is hurting taiwan cinema.
Chris is first and foremost a proud papa to his four-and two-year-old girls, sharing tux paint and gcompris with them.
Chrysanthemum always look upon as the proud and aloof integrity, is elegant symbol making frost, be representing culture and friendly sentiment of celebrity without official post.
Chuck is a proud police officer, he's the proud parent of a police officer, and he has dedicated his life to law enforcement and their families.
I will undertake to find the north pass to the indies sooner than plough with your proud heifer.
Your family is proud of you.
Your family must be proud of you
She was kind of proud of the fact.
Your family will be proud of you. Germany, too.
Your family's proud of you, also sad.
Your family's proud of you.
Your father and I are crazy proud of you.
Now that you are able to take up arms and defend your motherland, we are all proud of you.
Now that you are the proud owner of a packt book, we have a number of things to help you to get the most from your purchase.
Your father and I are so proud of it
Your father did that. Be proud of him.
Your father is a proud man.
Your father is very proud of you.
Your father must be proud of you, is he?
Your father must be so proud
Your father must be very proud of you.
The master said, "though a man have abilities as admirable as those of the duke of chau, yet if he be proud and niggardly, those other things are really not worth being looked at."
And today when I'm proud of you, you are ashamed?
The men and women who serve in our battlefields may be democrats and republicans and independents, but they have fought together and bled together and some died together under the same proud flag.
Your father was very proud of you.
Your father was very proud of you...
Why would you write something like that and be proud of it?
Your father will be proud of that
Your father will be proud of us. He is with us
Your father will be proud of you.
Your father will understand. And I know he's proud of you.
Your father would be proud of you too. Mom.
Your father would be proud of you.
Your father would be proud of you...
Your father would be proud you've taken this on.
Your father would be so proud of you.
Your father would be very proud of you.
Your father would be very proud of you.
Your father would have been proud of his young captain.
Your father would have been proud of you, he would have been very proud
Your father would have been proud of you.
Your father would have been proud today.
Your father would have been very proud of you.
Your father would so proud rested so thank you
Your father would've been proud today
Your father'd be proud to see how far you've come.
Your father's a proud man, Scott.
I wish sarge was here right now. He'd be so dag-gum proud of us.
Clearly, you're very proud of Milton.
Clem, I'm so proud of you.
Now they were fiercely proud of their nationhood, passionately patriotic.
Cleo, I know you're proud of your daughters. We are, too.
Your folks can be real proud of you
The microsofties are equally proud of their new touch mouse, which is also a really nice piece of gear. But I found myself using the arc touch.
The microwave treatment perineum side slice wound proud granulation organization 79 example curative effect observation.
Now we are proud to bring out the superstar who helped guide the
Cleverly exploiting a popular backlash against a decade of painful westernisation and humiliation, vladimir putin put a neo-soviet regime in place and helped russians to feel proud of their country again.
Now we had learned that we will not reject the world any more, only the weak will allow themselves been caged, acting on their own way, only losers will turn their proud to be crazy.
She was proud as a peacock - glad to be a mistress.
She was proud of conservatism and what it could do.
She was proud of her long pedigree.
She was proud of her teeth.
She was proud of you.
She was proud that her daughter had so much talent.
She was proud that she liked girls, she said when she reached the microphone.
She was proud that she never talked with a yankee.
She was proud that you made your own way, followed your own path.
She was proud that you made your own way, followed your own path.
She was quite perfect. You must be awfully proud of her.
Now what summer crops are you most proud of, please?
She was really proud of herself.
She was really proud of you.
Um, other than that, I'm proud of myself for, um,
It's a proud day to be English.
It's a proud thing.
She was said to be proud and arrogant.
The modelling was done by the met office and though many scientists are uncomfortable with such "postcode predictions", saying they send out an overconfident message about our understanding of the future, mitchell is proud that the us is now considering following suit.
Now you don't seem so proud
Now you don't seem so proud
Now you don't seem so proud about having to be scrounging for your next meal.
She was so proud of the two of you.
She was so proud of your father.
I don't want to be proud of you. I want you to be happy.
I don't want to breathe. You should be proud of yourself.
He is a proud man.
He is a smart kid. I know you're proud of him.
He is also, I'm proud to say, in my neighbor.
And very proud to have gotten to know you
Why, we thought that you were really proud of your automobile -
He is an insufferable, proud man but he has qualities, he must have,
She was very proud of her.
She was very proud of herself -
Closer to you and proud of the sacrifice you are making for the safety of our nation.
It's about feeling proud of yourself.
He is especially proud that he won his members by far the most generous wages and benefits that prison officers get anywhere in the country.
Now you're rolling, old man. Yeah! I'm proud of you.
Your husband must be very proud of you. Absolutely.
Why? I'm kind of proud of it.
Why? I'm so proud of him.
It's all just part of being a proud mom.
It's important that you cooperate and make her proud of you.
It's interesting you seem proud to know this information.
And we are extremely proud to announce the opening of our Grammy museum,
It's just not something I'm proud of. You know?
It's just the beginning, say proud uruguayans thumbnail.
And we are proud to be their representatives.
Now, I have to a you a question that I am not proud of.
Now, I have to a you a question that I am not proud of.
He is neither proud nor regretful about what happened.
She will tell him she is proud of him, that she always knew he would be a success...
I don't want you to be proud of me. I wanna want the hot chick.
He is not proud despite his great achievement.
He is not secular constraints, naturally proud, not mu snobbish, and never use the parent or potential parent pupil guli over the world with favorable conditions, to seek fame, so very proud career, and his government only did chang ying xu town, supervisors, push and a chief petty official kaifeng.
He is now a proud american citizen.
Now, I'm damn proud of that fact.
I work on the fourth floor. And despite that, I am very proud of you.
Now, I'm proud of you.
Why? You proud of me?
He is proud of being a fighter of freedom.
He is proud of his reputation as a seducer of young women.
He is proud of the garden he made from a wilderness.
He is proud that his wife is amenable to reason.
He is proud to have acquired the bursary.
Widowed at 58 and proud of her self-sufficiency, my mother had asked little of michael and me throughout our adulthood, and mostly took matters into her own hands.
She would be proud of me, proud that I'm doing something, that I'm following a dream.
She would be proud of me, proud that I'm doing something,
She would be proud to have a woman of your heart
She would be proud to have a woman of your heart
She would be so proud of all of you now,
She would be so proud of me at this moment.
She would be so proud of you.
She would be the proud wife of a Bonafide Arizona rancher
She would be the proud wife of a bona fide Arizona rancher.
She would have be very proud of you. For what?
And we have Christianity coming, proud of its roots,
I don't. I'm proud of it.
She would have very proud of you. Of you as well.
And we have been proud to have you on this show.
Undefeated with a number one ranking is something to be proud of,
Undefeated with a number one ranking is something to be proud of,
I don't... It's just not a - a part of my life that I'm particularly proud of.
He is still watching them from his dwelling place, the sun still shines on them; but before the harvest, the whole of the proud army of assyria is smitten as easily as when sprigs are cut off by the pruning hook of the husbandman.
Your mates did you proud today.
I would be happy and proud to lead this mission, sir!
I would be proud and confident to stand on that alone.
I would be proud to represent my country at the olympics.
I would be proud to say that I did my part to support the program.
I would be proud to serve with you droids
I would be so proud to be a member of his team.
I would be so proud to help you.
He is the best player on clay. I am proud of the way I have played over the last two weeks but I couldn't do enough against him. It was important to get into another grand slam final.
Now, being a proud father
She would've been proud of both of us.
She would've been proud of both of us.
I dont think there's anything to be proud of.
Your mistress would be very proud of you.
Your mom and I are so proud of you, sweetheart.
Your mom and I are so proud of you, sweetheart.
Colonel Johns, we're proud of you, corpsman
Colonel Johns. We're proud of you, corpsman.
Your mom is proud of you.
Your mom is so proud of you.
I doubt she'd be too proud of what you've done now.
Your mom must be awfully proud of you.
Your mom must be very proud of you.
Your mom was proud of you.
Your mom would be proud of you.
Your mom's so proud of you.
Will be proud to welcome special olympians to china.
I would have been proud to be his dad.
I would have been proud to be his dad.
I would have been proud to use that word about myself,
And we talk about how proud we are of you?
And we was proud to be working with the guys we were working with.
Will it make you proud of me?
He is, like, a bum and proud of it.
Your mother - in - law would be proud of you.
She'd be proud of being a police officer's wife.
She'd be proud of you too.
She'd be proud of you.
She'd be so proud of both of you.
She'd be so proud of you.
Your mother and I are so proud of you.
She'd be very, very proud of you.
Your mother and I would like to say how proud we are of you.
Your mother is very proud of you.
Your mother was very proud of you.
Your mother would be so proud of what you've become.
Your mother's proud of you for not quitting school
And we'd be proud for you to be a part of our family.
Your mouse is proud of you.
She'd say that we've got nothing to be proud of.
The newest breed of inhabitants used the cape cod heritage not as a symbol of a proud and traditional past but as the symbol of a dollar bill.
It's naturally proud of its ancient lineage.
I would like my father to be proud of me.
Now, let me tell you something, I'm really proud of you
She'll be very proud of you.
Now, listen. You're both proud capuchin!
Now, listen. You're both proud capuchin!
He just so proud of Claire.
He just so proud of Claire.
And we're all of us proud
And we're all so proud you're still even here.
He just wanted me to be proud of him.
Come on, be proud of me. I need it.
Your orihalcon suit that you're so proud of is like a toy to me.
Your parents are very proud of your achievements.
I would prefer to have him alive to being proud of him.
Your parents must be proud of their daughter.
Your parents must be so proud of you, George.
Your parents must be so proud of you.
Your parents must be very proud of you.
Your parents must have been proud of you.
And we're proud of that.
And we're proud of the children.
And we're proud to bring you all the action live on the radio.
And we're proud to stand on their shoulders and usher in a new era.
Your parents would be real proud of the young woman you've become.
Your parents would be really proud of you.
And we're really proud
And we're really proud of you for sticking up for yourself and getting out.
Your parents... They'll be proud of you.
And we're very proud of him for trying.
The nonprofit work we've done in South America is the work I'm most proud of.
I would think that I'd like to always remember that I'm proud of it.
Win or lose, I'm proud of how I led this team,
She's a good girl, you know, and she's proud of you, even if that's hard to see sometimes.
She's a good girl, you know, and she's proud of you, even if that's hard to see sometimes.
Now, this I'm particularly proud of.
I wouldn t be so proud if I were you
Winston churchill once said that he would rather see finance less proud and industry more content.
Unfortunately, they were only proud and conceited.
He knows he is wrong, but he is too proud to admit it.
Winter, the topol greet knife frost sword, still standing in the cold of the yellow earth, ulterior motives proud and tree silent, the wind sound.
Come on, you know him. He's a proud man.
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too self-ful to seek other than itself.
Come on. I'm pretty proud of them.
Come on. She's proud of you.
Come on. She's proud of you.
Come on. What do I have to be proud of?
Come on.what do I have to be proud of?
She's also really proud of you.
Wishing for a "strong" euro when growth is petering out is to be proud to the point of perversity.
With Midwestern State University nearby, our Wichita Falls hotel is proud to host those in town for university events, but we are more than a college town.
With Midwestern State University nearby, our Wichita Falls hotel is proud to host those in town for university events, but we are more than a college town.
With West Point Military Academy nearby, we're proud to welcome students and their families to the region.
She's ashamed of me. And I am proud of her for it.
The old couple was proud of their grandson, who got two gold medals and a bronze at the 26th olympic games.
The old couple was proud of their grandson, who won 3 medals at the 26th olympic games.
The old couple were proud of their grandson, who got three gold medals, two silver medals and a bronze medal at the 23rd olympic games.
The old couple were proud of their grandson, who got two gold medals and a bronze at the 26th olympic games.
The old couple were proud of their grandson, who had won two gold medals and a bronze at the 26th olympic games.
Your son must be proud of all of this. You are on the way.
Your son must tell you all the time how proud he is of you. Oh, he does
The old lady had always been proud of the great rose-tree in her garden, and was fond of telling how it had grown from a cutting she had brought years before from italy, when she was first married.
Your son will be proud of you!
The old lady was proud of myra, but enid was the daughter she loved.
With a proud sense of tradition our hotel looks back on an unsurpassed reputation for service and hospitality, with a renowned cuisine, choice wine-cellar and charming restaurants.
Nowadays, the proud military fortress from the fifteenth century, which has been renovated in accordance with former traditions, can be seen.
The one I'm proud of.
Your training is complete! I'm so proud of this kid!
And when I get my kids back, they're gonna have a mom they can be proud of.
And when I get my kids back, they're gonna have a mom they can be proud of.
Until recently, cubans were justifiably proud of their health-care system. Life-expectancy matches that of americans, who are eight times richer.
Until recently, cubans were justifiably proud of their health-care system.
He loved his work, he was deeply proud of it.
I'd be proud if I did that.
I'd be proud of that. Maybe you should go.
I'd be proud of you no matter what you did.
I'd be proud to have her as my wife.
I'd be proud to recommend you...
I'd be proud to,
I'd be sitting here proud today
I'd be so proud to hear you read it tonight.
I feel so proud to be in this competition.
I feel so proud to move on.
I feel that calling students osama bin laden and saying that we should feel proud being called that is not a very appropriate thing to say to the student body in a speech.
I felt as though I'd left something behind that I was proud of.
It's not something I'm proud of, and I haven't done anything criminal since.
It's not something that I'm proud of.
He loves his job, proud of it
It's not somethingi'm exactly proud of.
He loves his job, proud of it and this is work - related.
It's not that I'm not proud of the work that I did,
I'd found my way back to earth after drifting through the lifeless void for two years. Victory parades were thrown in my honour ( by which I mean my mother was incredibly proud of my change).
I felt proud of his efforts.
I felt proud of it. So...
I felt proud of it. So...
I felt so proud of my friends in lark rise
I felt so proud of that little fire that I just wanted to stay out here and tend to it for the rest of my life.
I felt so proud with my new badge on my chest.
The one thing that made me really proud of you
Your whole life, I have been a proud father.
Your wife and daughter must be very proud of you.
She's doing great. You should be proud of her, of both of them.
Your work record is excellent. The state is proud of you.
And when daughter harper seven arrived, the proud dad had her name etched above it
He made somebody proud at home.
He made you feel proud of that darkness.
And when he saw how fast larry's legs could travel and how well he handled the ball, he bent over, patted larry on the back, and said, "I'm proud to have you on the team."
He makes you feel proud to be an lndian. -..
He manipulated me into doing things I'm not proud of.
With china standing proud foreigners once resented as leeches and locusts run amok are now seen as a pleasant reminder of the city's global cachet.
Congrats. I'm proud of you, kid.
She's going to be really proud of you. - I know.
I figured, why not be proud of what we've done?
O god, the proud are risen against me, and the assemblies of violent men have sought after my soul; and have not set thee before them.
O god, the proud have risen up against me, and a company of violent men seek my life; and they do not set you before them.
Congratulations! Earning your master's degree is an achievement of note, and I hope you are feeling proud and happy--as you deserve.
Congratulations! I'm so proud of you!
Congratulations! Oh sweetie, I'm so proud of you!
Congratulations, Jake. Make us proud up there.
The only person I know who has a skeleton in the cupboard is george carlton, and he is very proud of the fact.
The only person I know who has a skeleton in the cupboard is george carlton, and he is very proud of the fact.
I'd knock their eyes out, Cody. You'd be real proud of me.
I'd knock their eyes out, Cody. You'd be real proud of me.
It's nothing I'm proud of.
Congratulations, captain. It must be a proud moment. Thank you, Mr. Kyle.
Congratulations, captain. It must be a proud moment. Thank you, Mr. Kyle.
Congratulations, guys. So proud of you.
Zatarra. Zatarra, you will be so proud of me.
With flying colors. Why? You proud of me?
Congratulations. I just heard the big news, and I am so proud of you.
The only problem was that ms meng was very proud of her membership of the communist party, an organisation she'd belonged to for many years.
Congratulations. You're the proud owner of 150 pieces of paper!
He mocks proud mockers but gives grace to the humble.
The only thing I had to be proud of in my life
He must be proud of this new show.
He must be proud of you.
He must be proud of you.
He must be proud that his daughter's making such a name for herself.
The only thing I'm proud of...
He must exert himself to subdue so proud a display of resentment.
He must exert himself to subdue so proud a display of resentment; he must get the better of her.
He must have been enormously proud of you, following in his footsteps.
He must have been proud to work with you.
ain't nothing I'm proud of. It really ain't.
It's on us. We're so proud of you.
It's on. I am so proud of you.
It's on. I am so proud of you.
It's on. I am so proud of you.
It's on. I am so proud of you.
always proud to cater to the little folk, mister...?
always proud to cater to the little folk, mister...?
And whether you are traveling to the Canton, New York area on business or pleasure, the BEST WESTERN University Inn is proud to offer comfortable guest rooms, outstanding customer service and an array of remarkable amenities, including a stunning 18-hole golf course and driving range on premises.
With meeting and banquet facilities for up to 80 guests, we are proud to be a convenient event space in Baraboo, Wisconsin.
And while I'm personally proud of the fact that you're all unhappy, Harvard is not.
She's just too proud to admit it.
The onyx club is proud to present
The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely...
The orcs are proud and fearless warriors and their courage is the strongest magic they need.
aren't we proud that one of our student is in our school?
aren't we? We're proud of Claire.
beautiful and proud he stood as born to rule the storm
She's not here, dad. Okay. The point is, I'm proud of you.
And who your mom would have been so proud of.
And who your mom would've been so proud of.
He only wanted to help you because he knew how proud of you I was.
I'll have you know that I'm very proud of that work.
She's not of this earth, you should be very proud
She's not of this earth, you should be very proud
She's not proud of this.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain.
And why should they, with their armies of proud knights, submit to the orders of bookish men, vowed to celibacy and destitute of armed force?
Varsovians are justly proud of it-but most visitors to the polish capital never see it; they are too busy going around the museum of the warsaw uprising.
The pacific heritage museum is proud to present a yearlong exhibition of master au ho-nien's most representational works spanning more than five decades.
Venezuela has a proud and long history in motorcross, producing two world champions in the 250cc category. However, having been one of the strongest countries in latin america, the sport has declined in recent years due to economic crisis.
She's proud and spunky! She'd never bring herself to ask you back.
She's proud and stubborn, you know, under that pliant exterior.
She's proud of her father.
She's proud of him.
She's proud of me.
She's proud of what she does.
She's proud of you.
She's proud that way.
She's proud to have walk through the front door.
With ten spectacular new or upgraded stadiums, as many new or revamped airports, hundreds of kilometers of expanded highways and city streets, and the continent's first high-speed train up and running ( just), south africa is rightly proud of its achievement.
With ten spectacular new or upgraded stadiums, as many new or revamped airports, hundreds of kilometres of expanded highways and city streets, and the continent's first high-speed train up and running ( just), south africa is rightly proud of its achievement.
With ten spectacular new or upgraded stadiums, as many new or revamped airports, hundreds of kilometres of expanded highways and city streets, and the continent's first high-speed train up and running ( just), south africa is rightly proud of its achievement.
With the Olympic Games approaching, our proud youth senses.
And without a doubt, I'm the last Frenchman who can be proud
And would you be proud of me...
She's so proud of you. She told me
The party is proud ofyou,
It's something I'm not proud of, believe me.
It's something you'll be mighty proud of.
And you always sounded so proud of me on the phone.
Very proud from the day she was born.
Very proud from the day she was born. Yeah.
Very proud of her.
Very proud of you, Schmidt.
Very proud of you...
Very proud that you are the last lady standing there.
Very proud to be this far through the game.
Very proud to be this far through the game.
I get more done by 8:00 a. M. Then most people do by 8:00 P. M. And I'm proud of it.
I get more done by 8:00 a. M. Then most people do by 8:00 P. M. And I'm proud of it.
And you become a man that he would be proud of.
And you can be proud of the children and their achievements.
And you can be proud of yourselves.
And you can be proud of yourselves.
He reads my diary. And he's proud of it?
He reads my diary. And he's proud of it?
The people are proud of what they've accomplished. I, frankly...
The people of new York have spoken, and I'm proud to be your next mayor.
The person I can be proud of.
Very strong code. They take a lot of proud in being northerners.
cause I was just doing the poor but proud thing for show
cause I was just doing the poor but proud thing for show
Very tough thing to accomplish, by the way. I'm proud of myself.
cause I'm proud of you, baby.
cause I'm proud of you, baby.
It's that simple... I'm so proud of you.
Could do nothing other than bow its hitherto proud czechslovak head to unprecedented pressure
Very, very proud of her.
He refuses to be proud of killing, I suppose.
She's too proud to tr hm...
And you have to be so proud of yourself.
And you have to be so proud of yourself.
He said he instructs new police officers, "don't do or say anything that you wouldn't be proud to have your mother see or hear."
With your life that you can actually be proud of.
Victory is nothing to be proud of.
I'll met by moonlight, proud titanic.
View the Historical Heritage with its chateau, towns and villages proud of their past:
It's the nightmare of professional translators and proud polyglots, but the dream of many travellers.
He said he was proud it was selected as one of the seven wonders of the world.
He said he was proud of me.
She's very proud of milton.
She's very proud of the man I'm becoming.
She's very proud of you. She deserves to be.
She's very proud that I am dating
She's very proud that I am dating such an important television man.
Obviously, you have become a dancer. I'm very very proud of you.
And you know how proud we are of that, honey.
And you know how proud we are of that, honey.
Viridian entertainment is extremely honoured and proud to be co-producing this film with jiangsu cultural industries group company.
And you know that he's proud of you.
And you know that he's proud of you.
And you know that hes proud of you.
Och, I'm proud of him. So are the kids.
Oddly enough, the japanese are proud to be japanese now.
The point is, I'm proud of you.
The point is, I'm proud of you.
He said that he wanted to be proud of his school,
He said that my invention saved the town. Aren't you proud of me?
Of a proud gay man.
Volunteering in the autumn of 1914 to establish a voluntary pigeon war committee ( vpwc), osman, a proud londoner, was fully convinced that expert handling and british pluck could produce a vastly better bird than german fanciers possessed.
It's time harold was cut down to size. He's far too proud and conceited.
The poor ploughman and his wife were very proud of their little son.
Woe to the proud crown of the drunkards of ephraim and to the fading flower of its glorious beauty, which is at the head of the fat valley of those who are overcome by wine.
And you should be proud of yourseIf.
And you should be very proud of your accomplishments.
And you should be very proud of yourself.
He said, um,I love you and I'm proud of you," though.
It's very clear that everyone is proud of you.
couldn't be more proud of you, my sister.
couldn't be more proud of you, son.
couldn't be more proud of you.
He saved a kid's life. I know, and I'm proud of him for that,
Of course I do, I'm proud of you.
It's very good. I'm very proud of it.
He say he was proud of you?
The president will be very proud of his Panama Canal.
It's what you do when you have a friend who's proud of something they really suck at.
It's what you do when you have a friend who's proud of something they really suck at.
doesn't he look proud of himself?
And you understand how proud we are of you, right?
And you understand how proud we are of you, right?
Of course I want you to be proud of me.
don't be embarrassed, man. I'm proud of you.
Should I be proud of myself for putting them together?
Of course I'm proud of her, why wouldn't I be proud of her?
Of course I'm proud of you.
Critics complain that the government, a prickly but proud bunch of mainly former guerrillas, pays vast sums for white elephants intended to make it look good.
The prime minister, james craig, was a patrician landowner and proud orangeman.
The primitive boomerang of proud aboriginal warriors,
Should be proud of yourself. Most guys would've stayed outside.
He says he's very proud of himself.
And you'll all be proud of me.
don't cry. Be proud of her.
Wait, listen to me on this one. In that regard, I am proud to be an American.
I got out of line tonight and I'm not proud of it.
And you'll make your mamma very proud and happy.
Crsb managers are proud of their record in acquiring and turning round struggling local breweries and of expanding in a "t" shaped area along china's wealthy eastern cost and up the trunk of the yangtze river.
I'll still be proud of you. But if you go to Singapore and
I'll still be proud of you.
Cuban men are very sexy latin lovers. A proud people, a strong and rich culture, beautiful guys... What are you waiting for? Go to Cuba!
don't exaggerate. don't you want to be proud of him?
Its all I have left to be proud of.
Its all I have left to be proud of.
Of course we're proud of him!
Of course we're proud of him!
The proud and happy mother feels the first signs of life kicking inside her womb.
The proud beasts have not trodden it; the fierce lion does not pass along it.
The proud contrarian is vernon hill, whose london venture, metro bank, is such a smash that he's just raised$ 200 million in fresh capital in a private placement, advised by industry veteran meredith whitney.
The proud crown of the drunkards of ephraim is trodden under foot.
The proud crown of the drunkards of ephraim will be trodden under foot.
The proud firmament has picked the stars.
The proud french aristocrat was happy to call himself "half yankee".
The proud graduate of driver's ed.
The proud have digged pits for me, which are not after thy law.
The proud have forged a lie against me: but I will keep thy precepts with my whole heart.
The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from thy law.
The proud have hidden a trap for me and cords; they have spread a net by the wayside; they have set snares for me.
The proud have plastered lies against me; with my whole heart I will keep your precepts.
The proud ione took care to conceal the anguish she endured.
The proud man is necessarily jealous, he was praised by others of the most moral people who will hate pregnant.
The proud man said he would starve rather than beg for food.
The proud man's contumely,
The proud parents emerged with the new addition to the kennedy dynasty.
The proud parents looking on as the chicks begin to forage for themselves
The proud parents will tape it as a tribute for the child.
The proud son of these hills who tended his father's flock,
He seems very proud of you.
Show kid the meaning of the own life, see the influence that the own behavior can bring others, let him feel an oneself to is belong to by behavior, is useful, living a proud of feeling and responsibility thus.
And you're not proud of it, are you? This is what you're proud of.
And you're proud of it. - you did as you wanted, peg.
And you're proud of it. - you did as you wanted, peg.
And you're proud of it?
And you're proud that you're a self made man
And you're too proud to admit you're crazy about me, dr Jones!
Show them you're proud of them.
Shut up. I am so proud of you.
Siddiqui is proud of its success, but he wants to rid his industry of its bad reputation.
Silly old trout. She doesn't know a word of French, though she's too proud to admit it.
The quai branly museum may be just six years old, but it is in its way old-fashioned, a throwback to a less timorous time when museums were proud to display human scalps and heads shrunken by amazon tribes ( pictured).
Would alex be proud of me?
Would be so proud and happy that I've secured a fund
Would be so proud of you
Since 1997, 1999, macao's return to the embrace of the motherland, hong kong, putting an end to centuries of history of separation, gave the moment and inspired countless chinese people are very proud of the location.
And your dad and I we'll be proud of you no matter what.
Would be very proud of you.
I'll tell you one thing I'm proud of...
And'tis a proud and daring trust to hold these vast.
And, I'm proud to announce,
And, as beom joon yang of universal music explains, south koreans are unusually proud of their country's exports of culture as well as things like televisions.
And, just as important, more americans would be able to go back to being proud of our corporations and innovators and entrepreneurs...... instead of camping in parks and protesting them.
Iwim very proud of you.
Iwim very proud of you.
Iwim very proud of you.
Iwish you'd been proud when wemet.
I gotta tell you, I'm impressed. I'm proud of you, you know.
The razor-blade is proud of its keenness when is sneers at the sun.
The razor-blade is proud of its keenness when it sneers at the sun.
Iwoulm very proud of you.
Iwoulm very proud of you.
Jack was proud of Julian... Like don Quixote and Sancho Panza
Jack was proud of Julian... Like don Quixote and Sancho Panza
The red zone I'm so proud of my entire team.
I grew up learning to be proud of my name and where I came from.
Of course, and she is, just as proud of you as I do.
Of course, and she is, just as proud of you as I do.
I'm - I'm proud of what we've all done.
I'm - I'm proud of who I am.
I'm - I'm proud of you, dad.
D bm I know you have no blame for my proud moonish heart.
The regiment has a proud history, boasting 13 victoria crosses, a george cross and 117 battle honours in its 360-year history.
Walter even taller than the dude is a proud vietnam veteran and the strategist of the three.
Would you be proud of yourself looking down from the pearly gates?
And, you know, I'm really proud of how I played.
The remains of a once - proud city that perished
James barlow, who works in internet publishing, is the proud owner of a duffer of st george prince of wales check suit.
I'm Iranian and proud to be!
James murdoch, deputy chief operating officer of news corporation, and chairman of news international, said the paper had "enjoyed support from britain's largest advertisers" and "has a proud history of fighting crime, exposing wrong-doing and regularly setting the news agenda for the nation".
And... I'd be so proud to hear you read it tonight.
Japan and the uk, in contrast, are proud of their eccentrics. "
Since we are justifiably proud to be called the steel capital of the nation...
I guess I'd just like to say that we're all proud
Daddywill be so proud of you. Mommy. Thankyou. Come on.
I guess it's because I've also done things that I'm not proud of.
I guess what I'm trying to say is, I'm really proud of you.
The right girl, the right time. I'm proud of you, buddy. Thank you.
I'm a Bavarian, I'm very proud to be called German.
I'm a Bavarian, I'm very proud to be called German.
Of course, she made us all proud -
Of course, she made us all proud -
He supported drug legalization ( much to the dismay of supporters on the right) and was particularly proud to be an influential voice in ending the military draft in the 1970s.
He sure was. Two of you can be real proud of your step - dad.
He talked of being an artist before becoming a furrier, of being a proud jew and a friend to young artists. He tried not to think about what was next.
Damn proud to be an American.
Damn, I'm proud to be here.
Damn, I'm proud to be here.
Of course, the perfect pot was proud of its accomplishments.
Of course, they're probably proud of their own culture
Of course, they're probably proud of their own culture
Annabeth, I am so proud of you.
don't mind him. Negative one was quite proud of being
Wow, I'm so proud and possibly worried.
Wow, I've never seen a group of losers so proud
He thought you did a great job. You did. I'm real proud of you.
I'm a gangsta, grandpa, and I'm proud of it.
I'm a gangsta, grandpa, and I'm proud of it.
I'm a gangster, grandpa, and I'm proud of it.
Warm, friendly home, you all are gonna Fe so proud about all this hard work you're doing here today.
The rug is a gift he is proud to display.
Warrior vampires. Very proud and strong. How is it you always know this stuff?
Sit up, compared to those good people sit idle, hanxiong hump or body to one side who is more proud of them are listed, and more apathy.
He told me many times how proud of you he was.
Another do oneself proud bastard never understand people are dying at battlefront.
Wow. I am proud of ourselves.
Jim fallows thinks the nexus one is a fantastic smart phone. As the proud owner of a new, healthy zero-pound 4.23-ounces droid eris ( verizon), I have to agree with jim.
The school is excited and proud of your accomplishments.
The school is excited and proud of your accomplishments.
The school was rightly proud of the excellent exam results.
The scorching sun as pityless as proud prosperity, darts on him his full beams; gasping he lies arraigning with his looks the patient skies, while that inhuman trader lifts on high the mangling scourge. Oh ye who at your ease sip the blood-sweeten'd beverage!
The sentiment has passed into popular legend and the Scots are proud of it,
Sitting on a panel of british writers at a conference in berlin last year I was embarrassed when one of my colleagues, a man known for his fierce left-wing satires of presumptuous public figures, said that the british could feel proud of producing a literature of such quality that all the world wished to read it.
Dash, I'm so proud of you.
Dashanzi is a well-known trendy part of the capital, where avant-garde artists have set up studios in the abandoned factories that once formed the proud hub of china's military-electronics industry.
Of course. I'm so proud of you.
Of course. I'm so proud of you.
Write an acknowledgement journal-everyday, write down a few things that you can feel proud of.
Write down a list of everything you've done in your career, and your life, that you're most proud of, and re-read it often. "
I'm a mighty proud Papa bear.
Of course. Look, I've got goosebumps. I'm proud of you.
Of course. Look, I've got goosebumps. I'm proud of you.
Another proud morning.
I had no problems with that because I was proud of you.
Joe, man, I'm not proud of you today.
Joey, I'm so proud of you.
I'm a prostitute and proud of it.
I'm a proud American
I'm a proud mama!
David, I am very proud of you.
Sixteen years behind the bell, and proud of it, sir.
Sixteen years behind the bell, and proud of it, sir.
I'm a queen because I'm unique and I'm proud testifying.
I'm a strong, proud bald man.
He tried to remember her name and he was surprised to find that he could not remember it, although he was proud of the retentiveness and reach of his memory and it had only been six months before.
Sky was proud
I had to do a bunch of stuff that I'm not proud of.
I had to do some things that I'm not proud of.
He turned towards the sailor, who, during this dialogue, had sat gravely plucking the partridges with the air of a man proud of his office, and asked him how these men had landed, as no vessel of any kind was visible.
Any children? Yes, two boys. He's very proud of them.
Any children? Yes, two boys. He's very proud of them.
Jones County College is nearby, and we're proud to regularly host students and their loved ones, visiting faculty and staff.
Slave English is nothing to be proud of.
Xu song recently became the proud owner of 799 chinese furniture patents.
Y 'all trying to make me proud out here tonight, huh?
Any girl would be proud to be sealed to you.
Slept and been proud to confess.
I'm absolutely proud of the girls.
Joy! I'm so proud of you.
I'm actually quite proud of you.
Dear jurieux, I'm proud to shake your hand.
Was proud of my big brother last night.
Judge of the year and, I'm proud to say, my good friend,
I'm actually very proud of you, Twinkle tush.
don't worry, grandma. I'll make you proud of me.
I'm also extremely proud of all of you.
I'm also very proud to announce that this year's
I'm always proud to show off our horses.
I'm always proud to show off our horses.
I'm an extremely proud American. I'm probably more proud...
I'm an extremely proud American. I'm probably more proud...
I'm as proud of you as any father could be.
I'm asking you, dad, as a proud parent. Run.
I'm black and I'm proud
I'm black and I'm proud
I'm certainly proud of you.
I'm chasing most improved boss of the year--an award other first-time managers should be proud to receive.
Of our proud sons enlisting in the army
Of our proud sons enlisting in the army
I'm damn proud of her.
I'm damn proud to be a member of this team.
I'm deeply proud that this man
I'm deeply proud that this man...
Any man in his right mind would be proud to be with you.
Yat-state leisure, but of self is still; clear standard proud and reluctant people pity.
Smoking or nonsmoking? We are proud to offer both.
Yay! I'm proud of you. Bye.
Yay! I'm proud of you. Bye.
I happen to be very proud of my reputation. I'm sure you are.
I harboured, then dismissed, some thoughts I am not especially proud of.
So I am very proud of myself because guys like me would never ever be out here in a situation like this.
So I am very proud to announce to you the Payson Keeler award.
I'm driving! We're all proud of you, dad.
I'm enormously proud to have you guys on the show.
I'm ery proud of you.
I'm excited and proud of myself that I did it.
I'm excited for you and proud of your achievements,
I'm extremely happy and proud of you for making this far in the game.
He wants his father to be proud of him so much.
Of the once - proud GSE firm.
Of the relationship. - I'm proud of it. I'm proud of it.
Of the relationship. - I'm proud of it. I'm proud of it.
He wants to be proud of you again.
Just about now, many a proud zionist is gearing up for major point-scoring: don't I know that many of these very hi-tech toys come from israeli research parks, world leaders in infotech?
I'm finally doing something that I'm proud of.
I'm fine! Hey, I'm great! I'm just.. I'm just proud of us.
Just as proud of you as I am.
Of which I'm proud to be a member.
I'm from pingdu, a city famous for the high quality of its education, I'm proud of that. It's the excellent educational environment of pingdu helps become who I really am. I'm grateful to my teachers, parents and all those who support and care about me!
Demonstrate a unique skill or talent that you're proud of, something that sets you apart from the crowd.
Just because we're organized and proud of our race doesn't mean we go around committing murder.
Anyone else kicks me out of their class and... I'm proud of it.
Anyone else kicks me out of their class and... I'm proud of it.
I'm fucking proud of mine.
I'm fucking proud of mine.
I'm fucking proud of you.
So I hear. Well, anyway, I'm very proud of you, dr
So I hear. Well, anyway, I'm very proud of you, dr
excuse me, forgive me, but I'm a very proud father,
I'm genuinely proud to call you my friend.
So I left the country, did a lot of drugs,which I am not proud of.
Watching the videos of you braving the freezing water cannons to scale that massive arctic oil rig, I can truthfully say that I will spend this father's day being proud to be your daughter.
Derek is now the proud father of a bouncing baby girl.
Anyone's help to do it. I'm proud of you, kid.
Anyone, but not her! What am I supposed to do? I'm not exactly proud of myself right now.
I have a lot to be proud of as far as I've come from and to look forward to regardless of the show.
Oh ,I was so proud at you honey.
Oh ,I was so proud at you honey.
Anything that you're particularly proud of?
Despite of the proud marketing network, lixin people insist on honest communication with customers, regarding it as the nutrient to marketing.
Oh God, I'm so proud of you! I am!
Oh God, I'm so proud of you! L am!
Despite their criminal ventures, repugnant appearance and immoral indulgences, the hutts are a proud species.
Oh God, that is so great! I am so proud of you.
Way to go, bud. I'm proud of you.
I'm glad that you're proud of me,
I have been proud to call all white men brothers.
So I told him I was proud of him, and...
We San Franciscans are pretty proud of this old town.
I have done things I'm proud of.
I'm glad you tried to help though. I 'm - I'm really proud of you.
I'm glad you're not proud of it.
So I volunteered to become a proud SSU officer with
he improved every day and makes me so proud .- ten.
Anyway, I'm proud for not losing my cool.
Anyway, I'm proud of every one of you. I'm proud of the coaches, all ofy 'all, each and every player
We all love you and we are all very proud of you,
So I'm actually proud of myself.
We all proud of ya, but I'm especially proud of... What did I tell ya?
Oh yes, I'm proud too
Yeah, I'm proud as hell.
Yeah, I'm proud of you guys!
Yeah, I'm proud to be a part of this number!
Yeah, I'm proud to say I'm completely rehabilitated.
Yeah, I'm proud to say I'm completely rehabilitated.
So I'm definitely proud we're on the last four's deck.
We all tried our hardest. I'm proud of you guys.
Yeah, I've done some things I'm not proud of...
We always were proud of him
We are a proud people. We are not used to begging or taking things.
We are a proud race.
We are all proud of that.
We are all proud to work alongside you.
We are all very proud of you
We are also proud to be a pet-friendly Elizabethtown hotel!
We are also proud to be a pet-friendly hotel in Columbia, KY!
We are also proud to be a pet-friendly hotel in Mauston!
We are also proud to offer our guests free high-speed Internet.
We are also very proud of the great progress in modernizing army aviation.
Anyway, you are not so proud that you cannot take my advice. The coach...
I have more time to think these days, jeff...... I'm proud of you.
So I'm proud of her for keeping her head high.
So I'm proud of her for keeping her head high.
So I'm proud to announce I will soon be the first person to say the "F" word
So I'm proud to announce the new hotel's general manager.
So I'm proud to include...
So I'm proud to say that my biggest competition is also one of my closest friends.
We are cows, proud and true, come on South park, moo moo moo!
We are extremely proud to honor our fallen soldiers.
I have never been more proud of you.
I have never been more proud than I am at this moment.
I have never in my life been so proud of you.
I have never stopped being proud of you.
We are gonna get through this as a family - dignified, proud -
We are honored and proud to present this trophy to Norway high school
Oh, G - I am so proud of you for doing what you love.
Just incredibly proud of these dancers
We are not proud that we have been forced to ignore the situation for so long.
We are only muslims trying to defend our religion, our people, our honor and our land, but if you call us terrorists for doing that then we are proud terrorists and we will keep on terrorizing.
We are proud of being chinese.
We are proud of our many positive reviews from guests who have expressed satisfaction with their stay in our hotel, including on the world's largest online travel platform, TripAdvisor, where we received 4 out of 5 possible stars.
We are proud of our record-breaking profit in 1993.
We are proud of that we have brought flavorful products to chinese consumers.
We are proud of this great celebration of football and unity.
We are proud of what we accomplished this year and continue to be passionate about delivering better devices and services more quickly. "
We are proud of you.
We are proud supporters of The United Way of Halton Hills
We are proud supporters of The United Way of Halton Hills.
We are proud that china is one of the founders of the northeast asia economic forum, and that the tianjin municipality is one of its birthplaces.
We are proud that china is one of the founders of the northeast asia economic forum, and that the tianjin municipality is one of its birthplaces.
We are proud to announce that the BEST WESTERN Beechworth Motor Inn has recently been awarded a perfect score in Quality and Standards in the properties latest BEST WESTERN Quality Assurance program.
We are proud to announce the existence of this enhanced soldier program to all the world,
We are proud to announce the existence of this enhanced soldier program.
We are proud to announce the existence.
We are proud to be an island race.
We are proud to be in an elite group of less than 1% of Business Schools in the world to hold the triple accreditations of EQUIS, AMBA and AACSB, often referred to as the "Triple Crown".
We are proud to be one of the first 20 Green Certified' hotels by AzHLA in state of Arizona.
We are proud to be youg people of new china.
We are proud to be youg people of new china.
We are proud to bear the title,
We are proud to fight alongside men once more.
We are proud to have you among us.
We are proud to have you fight with us in our side.
We are proud to introduce: the immortal jellyfish.
We are proud to offer Wi-Fi and invite you to start your day with our complimentary and generous continental breakfast of hot waffles, 100% Arabica coffee, dry and hot cereals, a selection of pastries, fruit and yogurt and juice.
We are proud to offer Wi-Fi and invite you to start your day with our complimentary and generous continental breakfast of hot waffles, 100% Arabica coffee, dry and hot cereals, a selection of pastries, fruit and yogurt and juice.
We are proud to offer wines that represent such fine quality and exceptional value.
We are proud to present quality entertainment
We are proud to present the Caribbean's most famous adventurer,
We are proud to preserve the tradition of sushi and yakitori cuisine.
We are proud to see that tremendous changes have taken place in today's china compared with 90 years ago when china was still weak and poor or 60 years ago when the new china was just founded. The comprehensive national strength of china continued to increase and the international status of china continued to grow.
We are proud to support this soon-to-be champion.
We are proud to welcome to the idol stage,
We are really very proud of him.
We are really, really proud of you. Thanks.
We are so excited about what she's doing. Very proud of her.
We are so proud of Kate.
We are so proud of you, mija.
We are so proud of you, mija. Oh.
We are so proud to host your debutante ball
We are so proud to win this again.
We are still just so proud of you.
We are trained soldiers, proud to be in his Majesty's service
We are very excited and proud to be the first county in the state of Ohio.
We are very proud of him.
We are very proud of our Cathedral and hope that our site inspires you to come and visit us.
We are very proud of our Thomas. His Papa has such a way with him.
We are very proud of this boy's talent.
We are very proud that the fcs program is still on contract cost, on schedule and performing to plan.
We are very proud to have Lloyd with us.
We are very proud to introduce a great philanthropist
We are very proud to present...
I'm going to sing "ain't too proud to beg
I have no respect for this wretched series that is so proud of being realistic that you can't understand what anyone is saying.
We at runway are very proud to have been...
We believe that sappho would have approved of our dating site and would be proud that nearly 3000 years after her own lifetime, women are still romancing each other in her name.
We both have had one - night stands, none of which we're proud of, but...
We both have nothing to be proud about. Let's let it I ie.
We both have nothing to be proud about. Let's let it lie.
Just like I love you and I'm proud of you.
Arabs are inordinately proud of their linguistic heritage.
I have noticed that many in suzhou's broadcasting circles have published anthologies, poetry and essays, and were proud that they have done so.
Are a strong proud - - I am a strong, proud bald man!
Oh, I did see it, honey. Mommy's so proud of you.
Oh, I don't know, almost proud of her.
Are finally working together on something. I'm proud of them.
Are gonna be proud members of the United States marine corps.
I have seen what happens to the proud when they take on the throne.
We can always be proud of it.
Just like the sunflower proud alive.
Are proud and confident, their hearts set on glory
Are proud and implacable passionate foes
Are proud to present the Marauder's map.
Are proud to present the Marauder's map.
Are proud to present the Marauder's map.
Are proud to present the Marauder's map.
Oh, I knew it! Oh, I'm so proud of you.
We can be proud of the way we crisscrossed the aisle recently.
We can both be proud of.
Oh, I'm proud to be in your home.
Oh, I'm so proud of my little chippers.
Oh, I'm so proud of you, honey.
Oh, absolutely. Yeah, I'm very proud of what we've been able to achieve thus far.
Oh, absolutely. Yeah, I'm very proud of what we've been able to achieve thus far.
Oh, and I'm so proud of you for keeping that commitment.
I have that feeling of being proud of the trip...
Oh, baby, I'm so proud of you!
Oh, baby, he was proud of you.
Are they just proud of anything that comes out of us?
Are they not proud Koreans?
I'm happy and more than a little proud to report...
I'm happy and was proud
Just proud of my dad!
Are you actually proud of what you did?
Are you actually proud of what you did? As far as I'm concerned,
Are you actually proud of what you did? As far as I'm concerned,
Are you actually proud of what you did?
Are you all right? I'm proud of you, sheriff.
I'm her son - she has to be proud of me.
Just really proud of my project.
I have to tell you, father: I'm proud of it!
Are you fucking proud of that, huh?
Are you fucking proud of that, huh?
Are you fucking proud of that?
Are you fucking proud of that?
I have told everybody here all about you, about how proud I am of you.
I have tried to address my core strengths as a strategic thinker and team player and I have highlighted several marketing campaigns I'm particularly proud of.
I'm his liege Lord. He's a proud man and we've wounded him.
I'm honored and proud of you sitting here.
I'm immensely proud of you all.
I'm in awe. I'm really proud of what I've accomplished.
We certainly haven't done anything out of malice or disrespect for your proud heritage that has existed long before we were even a navy.
I'm incredibly proud of you.
I'm just a proud parentwhen he gets on the track.
I'm just being truthful. Let alone those lines, you two made me very proud
I heard that orchids represent the proud spirit of a gentry and scholar.
We did a lot of things I ain't too proud of.
I'm just in awe because I'm very, very proud of her.
I'm just proud of all of you man.
I'm just proud of the fact that you finally learned how to win the big one.
I'm just proud of you
I'm just proud of you for wanting to help your friend.
I'm just proud of you, that's all.
I'm just proud of you, that's all.
I'm just really proud of my project, and I didn't want to share it.
I'm just really proud of you.
I'm just really proud of you.
I'm just really proud to be here.
Are you proud of driving jim o'neil out of a job?
Are you proud of him, mrs. hansen? What was he like as a boy?
Are you proud of him? What was he like as a boy?
Are you proud of him? What was he like as a boy?
Are you proud of me for quitting?
Are you proud of me now, daddy? Are you?
Are you proud of me?
Are you proud of that, asshole?
Are you proud of that, asshole?
Are you proud of that?
Are you proud of that?
Are you proud of this?
Are you proud of this?
Are you proud of your dad?
Are you proud of your husband for admitting that?
Are you proud of your sister?
Are you proud of yourself, Annette?
Are you proud of yourself? Get off me.
Are you proud of yourself? Kill your own mother!
Are you proud of yourself? You old junkie!
Are you proud of yourself? You old junkie!
Are you proud to be challenged by the best sharpshooter in germany?
Are you proud to be in this company or not?
Just think how proud you were on graduation.
Are you ready for an audience with the proud parents?
I'm just so proud of her, I don't know...
I'm just so proud of you.
I'm just so proud of you. You remind me of me...
I'm just so proud you learned to play the guitar so good.
I'm just so proud you learned to play the guitar so good.
Oh, honey, I am so proud of you.
Oh, honey, I am so proud of you. Trust me, you won't regret it.
Oh, honey, I'm so proud of you.
Are you saying that you can speak? With peking accent? You are proud of that?
I'm just trying to say, you should be very proud of him.
Are you so proud of killing three men of our same blood? Tell me!
I'm just.. I'm just proud of us.
I'm justso very, very proud of him.
I'm kind of proud of the job we've done.
I'm kind of proud of us.
I'm like a proud mama.
I'm like a proud mama.
I'm like dad, and I'm proud of that.
Are you still proud of being a yorkshireman?
Are you still proud of being a yorkshireman?
Are you still proud of me?
Just wanna say that this is your first legit rub, and I'm proud of you.
I'm mediocre and I'm proud of it.
Juventus director general alessio secco says the club's new management can be proud of their achievements this season.
Keats is referring to epic poetry when he mentions homers proud demesne.
Keats is referring to epic poetry when he mentions homers proud demesne.
Oh, mum - mum aren't you proud
Oh, my God, I'm so proud of you!
Oh, my God, I'm so proud of you.
Keep working on the art stuff, we're proud of you.
Keep working on the art stuff, we're proud of you.
Keep your chin up and be proud of yourself, nno matter what these people say!
I'm more proud of you than I've ever been of an intern.
We don't know whether to be proud or insulted.
I'm most proud for us to be seen together.
Oh, my God, you were so amazing in there. You should be so proud of yourself!
Are you very proud of yourself naked?
Are you very proud of yourself naked?
Are you very proud of yourself? I'll kill you now
We enroll our children in music class or take them to mommy and me swim class because we hope they will manifest some fabulous talent that will set them-and therefore us, the proud parents-apart.
Aren't we proud of our girl?
Aren't you even, like, a bit proud of me?
Kid was all proud of himself, you know.
Aren't you guys proud of me?
Aren't you proud of him?
Aren't you proud of him?
Aren't you proud of me?
Aren't you proud of me?
Aren't you proud of me?
Aren't you proud of them?
Aren't you proud of yours?
Oh, my gosh! We're so proud of you.
I'm not always proud of my behavior.
Oh, my mom's gonna be so proud of me.
Oh, my mom's gonna be so proud of me. Mommy!
I'm not anybody's ex and damn proud of it.
I'm not anybody's ex and damn proud of it.
We found that women were least attracted to smiling, happy men, preferring those who looked proud and powerful or moody.
Knocking out the Russian made me proud to be an American.
As African - Americans, we got us a proud oral tradition.
As I looked at him, it seemed I had found a brother and sisters to love and be proud of for the rest of my life.the people who had saved my life were my close relations!
As a lifelong worrier, I felt proud of that moment. It was a choice not to freak out about what might be coming.
As a matter of fact, I'm very proud of my wife.
As a matter of fact, I'm very proud of my wife.
As a navy officer and as a father, you should be proud of what your son has accomplished.
As a proud lesbian feminist I have campaigned for years against the beauty industry and cosmetic surgery.
As a united states senator, I am not proud of the way in which the senate has been made a publicity platform for irresponsible sensationalism.
We gingers are proud people!
As a witness to the development of yatai cement industry, I am deeply gratified and proud of the performance and rapid development of yatai group.
As always, whatever you choose to be, you will have a proud mother.
I'm not exactly proud about what I said to you on the phone, either.
I'm not exactly proud of my career so far-but the way I see it I've worked hard and haven't been a hypocrite.
I'm not exactly proud of this arrangement.
I'm not exactly proud of.
As any proud father would. - naturally.
As any proud father would. Naturally.
As breakfast is the most important meal of the day, we are proud to serve a continental selection of hot waffles, pastries, bagels and more.
As chairman of the breeders' cup, I am proud to announce
As charles darwin noted in his book the expression of emotions in man and animals, a proud person looks "swollen or puffed up".
As commander-in-chief, I am proud of their service.
As expected, obama made proud reference to his own muslim roots, mentioning his childhood in indonesia and waking to the sound of the "azaan" call to prayer.
As for articles, I'm proud of a column I wrote for this magazine on november 6 last year on the economics of jamie oliver.
As for relaxing rooms, we're proud to offer 31 comfortable ensuite bedrooms... all with flat screen televisions and free view.
We go the extra mile every day, and we're proud to have held the silver accolade of the English Tourist Board since 2002.
As for today we should all be proud that justice has been done.
I'm not gonna pretend that I am proud of this defense.
Krista is proud of its large market share among canadian women.
Kudos, son. I'm proud of you.
Kudos, son. I'm proud of you.
As he told fortune magazine in 2008, he's as proud of the things apple hasn't done as the things it has done.
Kyle. I'm just as proud of what you've accomplished here.
As if the proud tower of my genius has collapsed.
As if you were proud of what you were doing.
L `m proud of what I am
L `m proud of you, John.
L `m proud of you, man. I `m really proud of you.
As in we are now the proud owners of the world's most uncomfortable couch?
As most of you know, today I am proud to be naming our new regional sales manager.
We got lucky. Real proud of you.
L am proud of my son. don't incite me to passion
L am proud of you and your grades.
L am proud of you
L am so proud of you.
As proud as I am that you.
As proud as I am to be here today,
As proud citizens of this country let us work as one.
As proud members of the Norwegian Ministry of justice and police,
As rhett lifted the child and set her on the pony, scarlett called with a swift rush of pride at the straight back and the proud set of the head, "you're mighty pretty, precious!"
As so many people thought, it seems women with high education are usually proud of that.
As starkey points out: "it is a story to be proud of."
As taiwan is a relatively small nation that most of the world does not even recognise as a sovereign country, its businessmen are proud that groups based there design, assemble or manufacture parts for the lion's share of the world's personal computers, notebooks and tablets.
As the car crossed the zone of scattered dwellings that separated oakland from berkeley, he kept a lookout for a familiar, two-story building along the front of which ran the proud sign, higginbotham's cash store.
As the only Best Western branded hotel in the area, we&rsquo;re proud to offer guests the best in service and quality.
As the proud new father of a daughter
As the proud owner of a swift, a popular model, he is finding it increasingly difficult to spot his silver hatchback in delhi's crowded car parks.
As the title of his memoir implies, mr bush is proud of being a "decider".
As we began the short ride to kashgar we wondered if the tide of han had buried the uyghur culture as the sands of the vast taklamakan desert had buried many former silk road cities, or if there remained a trace of the proud people or spirit of the silk road.
As we tour the factory floor, it is clear he is proud of his workers.
Asimov was proud to be an atheist.
Asked about her complaints, the fashion firm said, "we are very proud of our internship program, and we take all concerns of this kind very seriously."
I'm not proud of any of this, but I think we've all forgiven each other.
I'm not proud of being blackmailed...
I'm not proud of how I handled myself.
I'm not proud of it anymore, OK?
I'm not proud of it, but I dare say I did what most of you would've done - I cracked.
I'm not proud of it, but I spy on my own parties.
I'm not proud of it, but for whatever reason,
I'm not proud of it, but it did feel really good.
I'm not proud of it, but it does work.
I'm not proud of it, but it's over. I'm engaged.
I'm not proud of it, but it's over. I'm engaged.
I'm not proud of it, but there's some truth there.
I'm not proud of it, but yeah.
I'm not proud of it, okay?
I'm not proud of it, okay?
I'm not proud of it.
I'm not proud of it. Ah, you're kinda proud of it.
I'm not proud of it. Ah, you're kinda proud of it.
I'm not proud of it. I came from a broken home.
I'm not proud of it.
I'm not proud of it
I'm not proud of my behavior.
I'm not proud of my brother's behavior
I'm not proud of my past behavior.
I'm not proud of my style. But it's been effective., And I'm probably too old to learn new tricks.
I'm not proud of myself. Did you come up with anything?
I'm not proud of myself. Did you come up with anything?
I'm not proud of myself.
I'm not proud of our own excesses.
I'm not proud of some of the things I do, but if I had to do it all over again,
I'm not proud of that last one, but I did it, man.
I'm not proud of that last one, but I did it, man.
I'm not proud of that, but I wouldn't be the first journalist to...
I'm not proud of that, detective.
I'm not proud of that, okay? But that's the brutal truth, right?
I'm not proud of that. But he played you for 16 years.
I'm not proud of the affair.
I'm not proud of the fact that we contaminated people's water.
I'm not proud of the way I acted, either.
I'm not proud of the way I behaved that day.
I'm not proud of the way I behaved.
I'm not proud of the way how things are over between us.
I'm not proud of this but there were a couple of years
I'm not proud of this but there were a couple of years
I'm not proud of this, for what it's worth.
I'm not proud of this.
I'm not proud of what I did back then.
I'm not proud of what I did.
I'm not proud of what I did.
I'm not proud of what I've done, but God knows, I did trust you once!
I'm not proud of what happened.
I'm not proud of who I used to be either.
I'm not proud of, but I am not like your old man.
I'm not proud that I spend my time with a broken - down alcoholic.
I'm not proud that sometimes I hook up with women for food.
I'm not proud to cop to this. I wasn't ready for them.
I'm not proud to have you on my force.
I'm not proud to
I'm not proud what I did.
LI just want you to know how proud I am
I'm not saying that I'm proud of it, but I'm not ashamed of it, either.
I'm not so sure I should be proud about that.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Chicago theatre is proud to announce the first.
Ladies and gentlemen, the actors studio is proud to welcome...
Ladies and gentlemen, the catfish club is proud to present...
Ladies and gentlemen, the haunted palace is proud to present -
Ladies and gentlemen, the playboy club is proud to present
Ladies and gentlemen, the showroom at Caesar's palace is proud to present
Ladies and gentlemen, the staples center is proud to welcome the Chipettes.
Ladies and gentlemen, this evening we are proud to present...
Lady Heather told me. She was very proud of her.
Lady Heather told me. She was very proud of her.
At least I can be proud of mine.
Lai gemi told reporters that people should not imitate his actions, he was not proud of their actions.
I'm not trying to make excuses, but I did some things I'm not proud of.
I'm not very proud of him, either.
At our Bismarck hotel, we're proud to welcome you and will go above and beyond to make you feel at home.
I'm not, I'm proud of every year.
I'm of proud family!
I'm of proud family!
At that time he's very proud of, now...
At the BEST WESTERN Royal Sun Inn & Suites we're proud to offer you exceptionally luxurious rooms and suites with amenities such as:
Last I checked, that restaurant he's so proud of had a big,
We have a safe - school policy, and we're very proud of it.
I'm particularly proud of this one. difficult to catch because it flies so high.
I'm pretty proud myself for making is far
I'm pretty proud of it.
I'm pretty proud of myself this is one of the highest piece of my life
I'm pretty proud of them.
I'm proud I bet on the american auto industry.
I'm proud I come from district 12.
I'm proud I come from district 12. We will not be overlooked.
I'm proud I grew up Pavee.
I'm proud I taught you to sleep...
I'm proud and positive no matter what
I'm proud as the first day my blood flowed. On my 12th birthday.
I'm proud as the first day my blood flowed. On my 12th birthday.
I'm proud of Scotland.
I'm proud of each and every one of you.
I'm proud of every unit.
I'm proud of george. He's learned a lot about ranching since that first year when he tried to mike the horse. What's worse, it was a male horse.
I'm proud of having helped to give birth to google docs.
I'm proud of her like she's my own daughter.
I'm proud of her, though.
I'm proud of her, too.
I'm proud of him.
I'm proud of him. We will.
I'm proud of his ass!
I'm proud of how kind he is...
I'm proud of how we responded to an unprecedented financial crisis, working within an outmoded, balkanized regulatory system without the necessary authorities.
I'm proud of it and it's kind of my pride.
I'm proud of it!
I'm proud of it.
I'm proud of it... Our school...
I'm proud of me too.
I'm proud of mine too.
I'm proud of my adopted nation, but I'd never stand on ceremony.
I'm proud of my brave daughter,
I'm proud of my country for doing that, though I kind of wish it hadn't done it on this particular november 4.
I'm proud of my country.
I'm proud of my godsons.
I'm proud of my kid. - Ted...
I'm proud of my many accomplishments today.
I'm proud of my mother, not ashamed of her.
I'm proud of my mother.
I'm proud of my service.
I'm proud of my son.
I'm proud of my work. I won a Peabody and two golden Mike awards for it.
I'm proud of myself for having found you.
I'm proud of myself so far.
I'm proud of myself, because there is no team.
I'm proud of myself.
I'm proud of myself.
I'm proud of myself. I stuck to my guns.
I'm proud of myself. I'm passionate.
I'm proud of myself. Right.
I'm proud of our little Zorro.
I'm proud of pretty lijiang!
I'm proud of showing the school that. I just...
I'm proud of that chapter.
I'm proud of that commercial. I got a lot of people to start smoking.
I'm proud of that figure.
I'm proud of that record,
I'm proud of that record, protesting for our civil rights.
I'm proud of the collection.
I'm proud of the envious stares I get.
I'm proud of the envious stares I get.
I'm proud of the products
I'm proud of the two men in my family. Emmy, you're a dream.
I'm proud of the work I did.
I'm proud of the work I did.
I'm proud of the work I do.
I'm proud of the work I've done here. As you should be.
I'm proud of their success.
I'm proud of them
I'm proud of them.
I'm proud of them. It's my story.
I'm proud of these.
I'm proud of these. Straddle chair from the arts and crafts period.
I'm proud of this 45th goal.
I'm proud of this record.
I'm proud of this. It took me weeks to weave this straw.
I'm proud of those units.
I'm proud of us, guys.
I'm proud of us, too.
I'm proud of us.
I'm proud of us; we're, we're good.
I'm proud of what I did at Halliburton.
I'm proud of what I did,
I'm proud of what I did. I'm doing a good job of raising my sons.
I'm proud of what I did. Okay.
I'm proud of what I do for you and your father.
I'm proud of what I have done here.
I'm proud of what I have done.
I'm proud of what I've done.
I'm proud of what we did here today.
I'm proud of what we were able to do.
I'm proud of what we've achieved as a species...
I'm proud of what you are doing.
I'm proud of what you did back there.
I'm proud of what you did in the basement.
I'm proud of what you did in there.
I'm proud of what you did today.
I'm proud of where I am in my life.
I'm proud of who I am.
I'm proud of ya, zippy.
I'm proud of ya. You did a great job.
I'm proud of you - knew you had it in you.
I'm proud of you all.
I'm proud of you and I don't even like you that much.
I'm proud of you and what you're doing. Something like that.
I'm proud of you anyway.
I'm proud of you because you picked an odd song that we never would have expected.
I'm proud of you both.
I'm proud of you boys.
I'm proud of you doing such good work
I'm proud of you fellas.
I'm proud of you fellas.
I'm proud of you for being proud of me.
I'm proud of you for getting off your ass.
I'm proud of you for having enough confidence to do that.
I'm proud of you for standing up to your mother.
I'm proud of you for sticking with your dream.
I'm proud of you for the choices you've made with your life.
I'm proud of you for the choices you've made with your life.
I'm proud of you for the man that you've become.
I'm proud of you guys, all of you!
I'm proud of you guys.
I'm proud of you kids. Very proud.
I'm proud of you kids. Very proud.
I'm proud of you regardless.
I'm proud of you stepping up like this.
I'm proud of you too, mom.
I'm proud of you too. OK.
I'm proud of you, Arthur.
I'm proud of you, B. Davis.
I'm proud of you, Baloo.
I'm proud of you, Charles.
I'm proud of you, EMS.
I'm proud of you, Jack.
I'm proud of you, Johnny.
I'm proud of you, Kurt. don't care who knows it.
I'm proud of you, Lil.
I'm proud of you, Matt. I need to talk with my dad.
I'm proud of you, Merlin.
I'm proud of you, Sam. That's a big step.
I'm proud of you, angel.
I'm proud of you, baby.
I'm proud of you, bird.
I'm proud of you, boss.
I'm proud of you, boy.
I'm proud of you, brother.
I'm proud of you, bud. Thanks.
I'm proud of you, bud.
I'm proud of you, buddy. - thank you.
I'm proud of you, buddy. Thanks.
I'm proud of you, buddy.
I'm proud of you, but you'll soon have to apply to University.
I'm proud of you, but...
I'm proud of you, but...
I'm proud of you, captain.
I'm proud of you, coach Ellis.
I'm proud of you, cousin. You were keeping track?
I'm proud of you, flint.
I'm proud of you, grace.
I'm proud of you, hon.
I'm proud of you, honey bunny.
I'm proud of you, honey.
I'm proud of you, honey.
I'm proud of you, kid!
I'm proud of you, kid, proud of you.
I'm proud of you, kid, proud of you.
I'm proud of you, kid. Your father would be, too.
I'm proud of you, kid. Your father would be, too.
I'm proud of you, kiddo.
I'm proud of you, kiddou di know you had it in you.
I'm proud of you, man!
I'm proud of you, man, hanging on in there like that.
I'm proud of you, man. - thank you.
I'm proud of you, man. I'm really proud of you.
I'm proud of you, man. Thank you.
I'm proud of you, mom.
I'm proud of you, mom. Aw. Thank you.
I'm proud of you, mom. Thank you.
I'm proud of you, moron.
I'm proud of you, puff.
I'm proud of you, sir.
I'm proud of you, sister.
I'm proud of you, son! Aw, thanks, dad!
I'm proud of you, son. - thanks.
I'm proud of you, son.
I'm proud of you, son. Thank you, sir.
I'm proud of you, son. Thank you, sir.
I'm proud of you, son. You know what?
I'm proud of you, son.
I'm proud of you, son.
I'm proud of you, sweetheart. The irony of it all.
I'm proud of you, sweetie.
I'm proud of you, the way that you've evolved this mature attitude -
I'm proud of you, tiger.
I'm proud of you, wilder.
I'm proud of you, you know that?
I'm proud of you, you know?
I'm proud of you, you know?
I'm proud of you. - don't worry about it. I got it.
I'm proud of you. - no, I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you. - thank you.
I'm proud of you. - thanks, baby.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you. And I'm sorry.
I'm proud of you. Are you wearing perfume?
I'm proud of you. Both of you.
I'm proud of you. Can I have a turn?
I'm proud of you. Come on.
I'm proud of you. Congratulations. Passing math. Give her a round of applause.
I'm proud of you. Fucking proud.
I'm proud of you. Give yourselves a hand.
I'm proud of you. Good.
I'm proud of you. Good.
I'm proud of you. How did it go?
I'm proud of you. I couldn't have done it without you.
I'm proud of you. I don't feel so good.
I'm proud of you. I don't give a damn how you feel.
I'm proud of you. I love you.
I'm proud of you. I never said it, but I am.
I'm proud of you. I was twice your age before I figured that out.
I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you. It's good.
I'm proud of you. It's good.
I'm proud of you. It's good.
I'm proud of you. Let's go. Go where?
I'm proud of you. Mom!
I'm proud of you. See ya.
I'm proud of you. Shawn.
I'm proud of you. Shut up.
I'm proud of you. Solving this case was a group effort.
I'm proud of you. Son.
I'm proud of you. Thank you, sir
I'm proud of you. Thank you.
I'm proud of you. Thanks, baby.
I'm proud of you. Thanks.
I'm proud of you. That is a lot of money for a kid like you.
I'm proud of you. That's all.
I'm proud of you. Uh, you've accomplished a great deal.
I'm proud of you. Why?
I'm proud of you. You are my daughter.
I'm proud of you. You did a brave thing.
I'm proud of you. You should be.
I'm proud of you. You're gonna make one hell of a cop.
I'm proud of you. You're really being positive.
I'm proud of you. Your father would be, too.
I'm proud of you. ain't nothing Ike your mother.
I'm proud of you... And I love you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud that I was raised to care about people,
I'm proud that I was right about you.
I'm proud that I'm your father.
I'm proud that I've raised two sons... Well, we've raised two sons
I'm proud that burgund has won you as brother - in - law.
I'm proud that burgund has won you as brother - in - law.
I'm proud that burgund has won you as brother-in-iaw.
I'm proud that burgund has won you as brother-in-law.
I'm proud that he votes against every reckless Republican tax cut.
I'm proud that he votes against every reckless republican tax cut.
I'm proud that these kids are mature enough to recognize that here's nothing sexier than too old - fashioned hard work.
I'm proud that you did that.
I'm proud that you get to see what I do and that you've changed your mind about me.
I'm proud the gay guy can be friends with the straight guy.
I'm proud to add yet another restaurant to Atlanta's a list of fine dining.
I'm proud to announce that we have developed a treatment,
I'm proud to announce that we have developed a treatment, a method to reverse the genetic code.
I'm proud to be a chinese, I love the chinese leaders!
I'm proud to be a corporal
I'm proud to be a dog
I'm proud to be a member of the aroe battic team.
I'm proud to be a member of the hunting association.
I'm proud to be a plus side,
I'm proud to be a sidekick.
I'm proud to be a sidekick.
I'm proud to be a writer.
I'm proud to be amongst his learned flock
I'm proud to be an American
I'm proud to be an employee of South park milk,
I'm proud to be an idealist because it shows that I believe in mankind.
I'm proud to be carrying on her work.
I'm proud to be chasing this guy.
I'm proud to be different.
I'm proud to be free.
I'm proud to be from the great white North...
I'm proud to be gay.
I'm proud to be here today.
I'm proud to be here today. I don't care in what condition.
I'm proud to be in your house.
I'm proud to be on your branch of the family tree. Happy mother's day.
I'm proud to be the last hero standing, but I'm not going to hustle today.
I'm proud to call him my big brother.
I'm proud to call you my sister,
I'm proud to dedicate one of nature's wonders.
I'm proud to do for these people, and for my country.
I'm proud to do it.
I'm proud to follow in my father's footsteps.
I'm proud to give you this check, and to announce a year's sponsorship.
I'm proud to have a predisposition for colon cancer.
I'm proud to have been a part of it, but...
I'm proud to have been a part of it,
I'm proud to have worked with you. You're one of...
I'm proud to have you as my son.
I'm proud to join you folks.
I'm proud to lead this beautiful bastard into battle.
I'm proud to meet you, sir. Hey there.
I'm proud to present now the highlight of the collection...
I'm proud to present the future site
I'm proud to present the future site
I'm proud to present this award for outstanding community service...
I'm proud to present to Liam case
I'm proud to present to you the daring work
I'm proud to rip the flesh off anyone who comes between me and -
I'm proud to say I am.
I'm proud to say I am.
I'm proud to say I didn't know we had one.
I'm proud to say I fought next to my friends.
I'm proud to say I was his first choice.
I'm proud to say I've been in more of his movies than anyone else.
I'm proud to say I've been in more of his movies than anyone else.
I'm proud to say it's been reduced to 250 feet, which I'm very
I'm proud to say our family.
I'm proud to say that I have a diploma from Harvard law.
I'm proud to say that I have a diploma from Harvard law.
I'm proud to say that britain remains on track to fulfil the promises we made at gleneagles in 2005, and to reach the un target of spending 0.7% of gross national income on aid by 2013.
I'm proud to say that britain remains on track to fulfil the promises we made at gleneagles in 2005, and to reach the un target of spending 0.7% of gross national income on aid by 2013.
I'm proud to say that the 4400 center is working in conjunction with the government
I'm proud to say that the 4400 center
I'm proud to say that you are the first
I'm proud to say the outstanding professionalism of my fellow agents at the Albuquerque district office.
I'm proud to say the outstanding professionalism of my fellow agents at the Albuquerque district office.
I'm proud to say there were only a couple of times I forgot the heat-shrink and had to go back.
I'm proud to say they're alive and well.
I'm proud to say we've been married for 30 years...
I'm proud to say.
I'm proud to say.
I'm proud to think he cares for me.
I'm proud to think that perhaps my girls are more aware.
I'm proud when he says I'm not much to look at.
I'm proud when he says I'm not much to look at.
I'm proud when my fledgling witnesses take that next step moving off the mother's milk -
I'm proud you asked, temperance.
I'm proud you cast your own stone.
I'm quite proud of these little babies.
I'm quite proud to be their son.
I'm quite proud to be their son.
I'm rather proud of this.
We have a very proud lineage.
We have chosen this path, and we're proud of it.
We have done many things to be proud of.
We have every reason to be proud of what the party and the people have achieved, but we have no reason to be complacent. We must not and will never rest on our laurels.
At the forum, ding lei let him share a proud story.
We have many reasons to feel proud of being latin american, and of how much we have built over these two centuries.
I'm real proud of all the boys.
I'm real proud of all the boys.
I'm real proud of you guys.
I'm real proud of you, baby. - thank you.
I'm real proud of you, baby. Thank you.
I'm real proud of you, honey.
I'm real proud of you. - thanks.
I'm real proud of you. I mean it.
I'm real proud of you. Thanks.
I'm real proud of you.
I'm real proud that you stepped up and got a little action tonight,
I'm really happy and proud to be here with you.
I'm really proud I'm doing this, dad.
I'm really proud of both of them.
I'm really proud of her,
I'm really proud of him and you know, where he seems to be at as a person.
I'm really proud of him. He did a great job today.
I'm really proud of how well you've been sticking to your diet, sweetie.
I'm really proud of how you stuck up for yourself.
I'm really proud of my home town, Monte Carlo.
I'm really proud of myself
I'm really proud of the way you're handling things, Alex.
I'm really proud of the work I've done here.
I'm really proud of the work I've done here. As you should be.
I'm really proud of this.
I'm really proud of us for making this work.
I'm really proud of what you do.
I'm really proud of you for getting off your meds, but there's a right way to do this
I'm really proud of you guys.
I'm really proud of you tonight, Clark. Why?
I'm really proud of you tonight.
I'm really proud of you two and everybody in the room.
I'm really proud of you, Annie.
I'm really proud of you, Becca.
I'm really proud of you, Tapio. I'm his best man.
I'm really proud of you, and...
I'm really proud of you, athletic as hell, great.
I'm really proud of you, d. J.
I'm really proud of you, man. Okay. Let's just go.
I'm really proud of you, man.
I'm really proud of you, you know that?
I'm really proud of you, you know?
I'm really proud of you.
I'm really proud of you. Really proud of you.
I'm really proud of you. Really, really proud of you.
I'm really proud of you. Thanks.
I'm really proud of you. Yeah?
I'm really proud of you. You did a great job.
I'm really proud of you.
I'm really, really happy for him, and I'm proud of him for even considering doing this.
I'm right proud of Alvin. Got a right to be.
I'm right proud of you, Charlie.
I'm s - so proud of you for sticking it out at that place
I'm s - so proud of you
I'm serious. He used to be a proud champion before you stole him.
I'm sick of low class bums being so proud of their so - called Social tities.
I'm so damn proud of you, honey.
We have one of the most efficient supply chains and best-priced food in europe something that the uk should be proud of.
I'm so glad. You must be proud of her.
I'm so proud and glad to have known you--you will always be in my heart.
I'm so proud of Ben.
I'm so proud of H.
I'm so proud of all of you guys.
I'm so proud of all of you.
I'm so proud of all of you. I really am.
I'm so proud of all y 'all!
I'm so proud of everything you're doing
I'm so proud of her.
I'm so proud of her. I love her to bits.
I'm so proud of her. I love her to bits.
I'm so proud of her. She's so talented.
I'm so proud of her. We went from sixes to nines.
I'm so proud of him
I'm so proud of him, what he did.
I'm so proud of him. He hasn't had a drop of alcohol in weeks.
I'm so proud of him. He hasn't hada drop of alcohol in weeks.
I'm so proud of him. He's really learned to let things go.
I'm so proud of him. He's the best dancer ever.
I'm so proud of me and kenley and what we created.
I'm so proud of my Paul Sheldon collection.
I'm so proud of my Paul Sheldon collection.
I'm so proud of my class of l969!
I'm so proud of my grandmother. She's inspiring.
I'm so proud of my little girl
I'm so proud of my little roomie.
I'm so proud of my preoperative transsexual iesbian son.
I'm so proud of my son.
I'm so proud of my team.
I'm so proud of my wife.
I'm so proud of myself.
I'm so proud of our Miranda.
I'm so proud of the fact he's adopted a Victor's mentality.
I'm so proud of the group we picked because the top 100 was tough.
I'm so proud of the man you've become.
I'm so proud of them, but they'd never know it.
I'm so proud of them, but they'd never know it.
I'm so proud of them.
I'm so proud of this number.
I'm so proud of where I've been and what I've done since I left my ex-husband.
I'm so proud of where I've been and what I've done since I left my ex-husband.
I'm so proud of wook. For 3YRS, he's put up a strong fight.
I'm so proud of y 'all.
I'm so proud of you - but I messed up.
I'm so proud of you .- W - why are you crying?
I'm so proud of you I could cry if I hadn't lost my tear in the war.
I'm so proud of you beating up Japs.
I'm so proud of you for being accepted at that school.
I'm so proud of you for getting back out there.
I'm so proud of you for seeing a psychiatrist.
I'm so proud of you guys,
I'm so proud of you taking such good care of your sister.
I'm so proud of you thank you daddy
I'm so proud of you today, well done, sweetheart.
I'm so proud of you tonight.
I'm so proud of you! I can't believe it!
I'm so proud of you! I can't believe it!
I'm so proud of you, Bambi.
I'm so proud of you, Dane.
I'm so proud of you, David.
I'm so proud of you, Joey.
I'm so proud of you, Josh.
I'm so proud of you, Lotte. I love you so much.
I'm so proud of you, Stu.
I'm so proud of you, and I love you.
I'm so proud of you, and the first record did great.
I'm so proud of you, ani.
I'm so proud of you, baby sister.
I'm so proud of you, baby.
I'm so proud of you, baby.
I'm so proud of you, baby.
I'm so proud of you, buddy.
I'm so proud of you, eh?
I'm so proud of you, honey.
I'm so proud of you, jasira.
I'm so proud of you, lamb chop.
I'm so proud of you, man.
I'm so proud of you, mom.
I'm so proud of you, my boy.
I'm so proud of you, my boy.
I'm so proud of you, now what we need to do
I'm so proud of you, son.
I'm so proud of you, stripes. Thanks, sandy.
I'm so proud of you, sweetheart.
I'm so proud of you, sweetie.
I'm so proud of you. - is your father here tonight?
I'm so proud of you. - me too!
I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud of you. All of you.
I'm so proud of you. But I messed up.
I'm so proud of you. Did I do my part okay?
I'm so proud of you. Good boy.
I'm so proud of you. Great, great, great, great. Yeah.
I'm so proud of you. I couldn't wait to tell you.
I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud of you. It's unbelievable.
I'm so proud of you. My little girl.
I'm so proud of you. Of us! Not just of me.
I'm so proud of you. Oh, my gosh!
I'm so proud of you. Oh, thank you.
I'm so proud of you. So how do you like your new teacher?
I'm so proud of you. Thank you.
I'm so proud of you. That's wonderfuI.
I'm so proud of you. W - W - why are you crying?
I'm so proud of you. We'll be the perfect team.
I'm so proud of you. What did she say?
I'm so proud of you. What do you feel like eating?
I'm so proud of you. You did so well.
I'm so proud of you. You don't know.
I'm so proud of you. You have come so far.
I'm so proud of you. You okay? Do I have a choice?
I'm so proud of you. You should be.
I'm so proud of you.. You're a graduate now.
I'm so proud of you... My little cub reporter.
I'm so proud of you... So proud.
I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud that America gets to see how talented you are.
I'm so proud that I have so much self-control.
I'm so proud that you got your master's.
I'm so proud that you're part of the four million child recorder blow!
I'm so proud that's my mom.
I'm so proud to be a part of this.
I'm so proud to be able to call my sister,
I'm so proud to be able to call my sister,
I'm so proud to be here.
I'm so proud to be joining your family.
I'm so proud to be on my young tribe.
I'm so proud to be part of the Thompson name.
I'm so proud to call you my daughter.
I'm so proud to have you in my life.
I'm so proud to see you here, man.
I'm so proud to serve in these hallowed halls.
I'm so, so proud of you.
We have overcome many difficulties, and I am so proud of the product of our labour.
We have to be proud occipital, frontal, temporal lobes are clean.
At the weekend, buyers want a pickup that makes them proud as they take their spouse to a restaurant or tow a boat to the lake. In europe, notes a detroit executive, their equivalent might drive a transit van, but would not use that to take a partner to dinner.
At this Kaufman hotel, we're also proud to regularly host business travelers in town with the National Guard Armory, Falcon Steel Company, and the hospital.
I'm sorry, kids. Y - y - you should be proud of what you've done.
Attaboy, Teddy, attaboy. I'm proud of you, son.
Attaboy, Teddy, attaboy. I'm proud of you, son.
I'm sorry. Was I being proud of you too loud ? what are you doing?
I'm straight up thug, and I'm proud of it.
I'm super proud of my family.
I'm super proud of that, but it's just so funny to come back here
I'm super proud of you for showing some initiative.
I'm super proud of you for showing some initiative.
I'm sure Hikaru must be very proud of you.
I'm sure eilidh would be proud of what we've done.
We just heard it. We're real proud of it.
I'm sure he'd be very proud to have a library named after him.
I'm sure if he was here, he'd be immensely proud of you.
I'm sure mom and dad are real proud of you
I'm sure our forefathers would be proud
I'm sure our four fathers will be proud to know that...
I'm sure she was very proud of you.
I'm sure she's very proud of you.
I'm sure they'd be very proud of you, James.
I'm sure this is a very proud moment for all of them.
We just, we wanted you to know how proud we are of you.
I'm sure your mom and dad are real proud of you.
I'm sure your son will be very proud of what his father did today.
I'm teaching, and she's learning. She needs help. She may be too proud to say it,
I'm the guy who's proud of you and excited for you.
We know how proud you are of your team. It's a Duff decision but the time has come.
I'm the only daughter dad is proud of!
I'm the only daughter dad is proud of!
We laughed, knowing that proud fighter brags.
We left it all out there. I think we're proud of what we have done.
We live again for this hour which makes us proud and happy.
We lived a life that I was proud of.
We must be honest too, just let him be proud
We mustn't be proud
We practiced so hard and I'm so proud of her, like.
We practiced so hard and I'm so proud of her.
We really are very proud of this year's top four.
Huge awesome gorgeous mansion overlooking the Atlantic.
It's a totally awesome castle.
Preferably one with a really awesome musical number.
Solving murders one awesome kill at a time.
An awesome prank video.
I wouldnt call it awesome either.
Totally awesome state of mind.
Conventional rocket engines create huge thrust and awesome acceleration
With someone as awesome as Gael.
And enjoy this awesome place with us,
It's been awesome just for a whole day to be just us.
A really awesome baby.
The most awesome present ever!
I'm thinking I got a really hot wife and an awesome son waiting for me at home.
So how was the trip here? Oh, awesome, awesome flight.
Lavishing attention on your awesome boyfriend?
Lavishing attention on your awesome boyfriend?
Oh, no. That belongs to my awesome mother.
So if you upload a photo of your awesome pretzel chicken tenders, don't be surprised to see it featured in the instagram feed of guy fieri's american kitchen& bar.
Yeah, but in like an awesome way.
He was always so awesome and into me,
So it was awesome meeting you.
So it will be awesome to have somewhere new to go.
He was awesome the other night.
He was awesome wasn't he? He was.
8.20 mile(s) from Oak Creek Country Club, golf with awesome vistas in all directions.
A few days after that an american writer friend lisa brackmann ( btw she has an awesome thriller set in china) came to chongqing and we went to the red crag village together.
Aw, went great. We had an awesome time.
Awesome, I mean - awesome motorcycle.
Awesome. Well, the girls got their stupid thing, and we got our awesome thing,
Baby, please, don't ever take that ring off again, no matter how awesome I say that it is.
I'm trying to ask Mitch whether he had an awesome time.
I'm wearing awesome wardrobe and costumes.
The spirit of the occasion, as much as its awesome scale, was a soaring affirmation of democracy.
Oh, only the best. The most awesome time in my entire life.
So it's a very awesome force.
We should be doing something awesome man.
So maybe you've got the basics of photography down, but you've always wanted to learn how to make those photos look even more awesome with software like photoshop.
So my advice is that we have an awesome time together.
Yeah, it's awesome I don't have to wear dress socks anymore
Yeah, it's awesome it's deeply deep.
Yeah, it's awesome to be on your show.
Yeah, it's the lyrics to an awesome Metallica song,
A great mozzarella is so distinctive and so awe-inspiring ( and, yes, awesome too) that you couldn't possibly confuse it with the regular kind.
A jerk with a completely awesome ski house. Oh.
A killer party and having an awesome time?
Less awesome is the fact that two thugs just walked in apparently looking for you. What?
Oh, suck my awesome balls.
Oh, suck my awesome balls.
I just bought some awesome new furniture.
I just bought some awesome new furniture.
So that I was like that's awesome
So that awesome girls like you,
We thought it would be awesome to be on TV.
Did you drink awesome shooters and listen to awesome music,
So that you can see how awesome you were.
Did you have an awesome time?
Yeah, taxonomy's an awesome thing that's right!
Let me tell you, it's an awesome feeling.
Yeah, that was an awesome, an awesome review.
Yeah, that's a - that's an awesome costume.
Yeah, that's a... That's an awesome costume.
The tantrics believed that self-mastery was to be tested amidst family life, the tumult of town and marketplace, the awesome spectacles of a cremation ground, and the dangers of isolated wilderness areas.
Yeah, the wedding's at this awesome B & B.
Yeah, they had awesome music.
Yeah, this is going to be awesome - Mexico, baby!
Oh, what? Just smart and intelligent and just overall awesome
Oh, wouldn't it be awesome for you if I was the kind of mom that would do that?
Let's all get some awesome lunch. Yeah.
A lot of awesome food can be found, of course, in high-rent districts, but it tends to come at awesomely high prices as well.
Oh, yeah? Well, you know what? I am an awesome surgeon.
Let's go out and celebrate how awesome you are.
So they became the most awesome kungfu team ever.
Yeah, we're a fucking awesome family!
He's an awesome guy, and I want to learn.
He's an awesome kisser.
He's an awesome red elf.
He's an awesome, awesome kid.
He's awesome baby, he's awesome!
He's awesome. You know how awesome he is?
Yeah, well, the other team was just so awesome on offense I was really scared.
We were just talking about how awesome you are today
We will be awesome detectives.
We will be team alpha super awesome oool dynamite wolf squadron.
We will see other awesome and amazing talents emerge in digital media over the next decade.
We will show you guys an awesome new product for sale.
We would be awesome together. aren't we already?
We would be awesome together.
I just think a little compensation for my particularly awesome set of illegal skills is in order.
Do I know how to pick awesome cases or what?
Do I know how to pick awesome cases or what?
So we, uh, laid ourselves an awesome trap.
A party? That is awesome of you.
A party? That is awesome of you.
Be right back. More like awesome news.
So you buy it and then you get this huge awesome rush.
Leverage is an awesome force it allows us to multiply our abilities by applying a little pressure to something.
We'll get married, have an awesome kid, be amazing parents.
I've never driven anything like it. That was the most awesome experience.
I just want to say that I think it's awesome the way you've pulled your life back together.
I just want you to appreciate how awesome I'm going to be when I deliver.
Like 800% more awesome than yesterday?
The visual module has awesome stuff included to make some 3-d objects and other thinks like the vector class.
The youtube application that you have all seen by now has an awesome layout and we could see it being used very frequently with no issues.
Their advanced mobile devices, awesome culture, sublime cuisine, and overall quirkiness, make us want to live there if it wasn't for the language barrier.
Like a deity, radio spectrum is invisible, omnipresent and commands awesome power.
A really awesome day?
Because I have thought up the most awesome name of all time.
Because I have thought up the most awesome name of all time.
I've seen them turn down some absolutely awesome singers.
I, uh, scored this awesome job,
He's so cool! This is awesome
He's such an awesome player. - why, you fond of football?
He's such an awesome player. Why, you fond of football?
He's the most awesome kid in school!
Because I know this awesome dude who's great at impressions and totally into you.
Because I know this awesome little barbecue restaurant in the valley, that makes the best roasted chipmunks.
Okay, I think what you want to say is,'thank you for the awesome couch.
So, if by some awesome coincidence
Because I'm an awesome guy.
Because I'm an awesome guy.
Like telling a blind person how awesome colors are.
Like the awesome guy or girl you rejected but sometimes find yourself wondering what would have happened if you'd chosen them to be with.
A small, but lively city of Amsterdam boasts great history, rich culture and stunningarchitecture. It's very walkable city and there is an awesome biking culture that makes it easierto get around. Tour the city's numerous canals and historic canal houses on a canal cruise orby foot, and make sure to visit the Rijksmuseum, the Anne Frank House, the RembrandtHouse, and the Van Gogh Museum. The best time to go to Amsterdam is on Queen's Day,when the city turns into a big party.
We're all these awesome cheaters. So,you know, that's a bunch of crap, protecting us.
If I am right, then the c-1 leather corvette recliner that looks so awesome justifies my suspicion that it is actually rip off from the actual thing.
Okay, fine then you get her, and I'll get awesome up to the 12th floor.
Okay, fine then you get her, and I'll get awesome up to the 12th floor.
I kind of look at this as an awesome thing to get sent to exile this early in the game.
I kind of look at this as an awesome thing to get
We're awesome at feelings!
So, with this in mind, here some of the best illustrator tutorials from last year that teaches awesome drawing techniques.
A stupid man breaks up with his awesome girlfriend only to grovel back to her after a few disastrous dates as a bachelor.
A stupid man breaks up with his awesome girlfriend only to grovel back to her after a few disastrous dates as a bachelor.
I know how awesome college is.
Okay, look, for me, awesome as you guys are, I gotta say no.
If I hold my head high, you stalk me like a lion and again display your awesome power against me.
I know it sounds kind of lame, but they really do have some awesome stuff.
Like when mom picks up awesome takeout on her way home from work.
Like, a million awesome gay jokes just popped into my head.
Do you remember how awesome it was to be co-workers...
Because it's really awesome and this is a really brilliant move.
Yes, because it's awesome just like me.
Yes, but I've got an awesome service plan now.
Okay, so we both think that this would make a totally awesome bedroom.
We're gonna get awesome Veridian merchandise if we work hard?
We're gonna have an awesome summer.
We're gonna have an awesome summer.
We're gonna have this awesome party...
We're gonna have this awesome party...
Yes, but if you like lizards, that's awesome - have fun.
Yes, but it's also awesome with you.
We're having an awesome time. Hey, where's that aunt of yours?
Some awesome bands playing tonight, huh?
Some awesome sunglasses from Mercedes lens.
Because my awesome mom sent in a check.
There are awesome days, dismal days, and lots of in-between days.
I know they'll be awesome because they'll think you are.
I know this awesome little Ethiopian place.
I know this is the most awesome thing that has ever happened ever.
Because of all the noise at your awesome college party.
Because of all the noise at your awesome college party.
If everything is awesome
If everything is awesome and there isno unawesome,
Yes, well, the awesome couldn't make it, so you know me -
There are plenty of ways to attract an awesome guywithoutusing your body, but by using yourpersonalityinstead.
Don't ever take that ring off again, no matter how awesome I say that it is.
Don't ever take that ring off again, no matter how awesome I say that it is.
Because she belongs here. She's an awesome dancer.
Because she belongs here. She's an awesome dancer.
Yes, you should. I have this totally awesome girlfriend
We've gotta rebound from the breakfast with an awesome meet and greet.
Living vicariously through his awesome - ass kids.
We've had some awesome times here.
About the awesome power of the blank.
Okay. That's cool. Oh, man, that must have been awesome - yeah, well, he was, I guess.
Okay. That's cool. Oh, man, that must have been awesome
WeII, you want to hear something reaI fuckedup and awesome that I did?
About these awesome shoes I just bought.
About these awesome shoes I just bought.
Because she's super, super awesome lady.
Because she's super, super awesome lady.
Some scenic spots there include the big sur coastline, the alpine beauty of the sierra nevada mountains and the awesome mojave desert.
Some scientists have proposed that we should establish "conservation parks" on worlds like mars where geologically awesome regions ( like the giant volcano olympus mons) would be treated with the sanctity of earthly wonders like the grand canyon.
Because there were so many ridiculously awesome dancers.
Because they fear its awesome power.
Because this is one of the most awesome experiences of my life...
Here are 10 awesome and inexpensive date ideas.
Here are just a few eleanor's awesome thoughts on life.
Here art and architecture are beautifully fused to create an awesome ambience.
I know you don't want to play with me, but it's a really awesome game.
I know you don't want to play with me, but it's a really awesome game.
About, uh, what an awesome spiritual experience it was...
Look at all that awesome garbage!
On every weekend and holiday, he tranquilly and sedately studied in his room, altogether being a lean, lofty, and awesome student monk before his desk, for the sake of realizing his ambitious and broad aspiration, industriously studying without fatigue.
Something awesome and free.
Look how psyched he is. He's having an awesome time.
Dragon magic awesome sword quest kungfu combo slash side scrolling orient legend ninja.
Because working is awesome and being married sucks!
Because working is awesome and being married sucks!
Here's how you can do it with the awesome screenshot addon.
Look what turned out to be an awesome night as promised.
Dreamworks has made many awesome computer-generated animation movies such as shrek and finding nemo.
Dresses awesome and rocks out on the bass guitar.
Dresses awesome and rocks out on the bass guitar.
Look, I know what it's like to have an awesome dad,
Look, I'm just really into you, and I think it'd be awesome to get back together.
Act like today is already an awesome day.
Dude, that is an awesome dog costume.
Dude, that was awesome how you sabotaged that track meet, man.
Dude, the faux ghost is an awesome clue. But what do we do with it?
Dude, you walked out of the room, the laws of physics stopped and the laws of awesome tripled.
You 'II find out soon Jackie Chan is awesome
During some of the most awesome Sci - fi I've ever watched.
During the invasion of italy he was promoted to corporal for his awesome shooting skills, and at the same time contracted malaria, which he had for almost the entire war.
During the preliminaries in beijing recently, 24 contestants, each with a supporting cast of extremely acrobatic soldiers and others, took the stage in an awesome display of skill and talent.
I know. How awesome it that!
Look, none of us meant for it to happen, but, well, we had an awesome night with her.
Once again, the world had been reminded of the earth's awesome power.
Well, I just think it's awesome that she's hanging out with people her own age, doing something other than chores.
Well, I just think it's awesome that she's hanging out with people her own age, doing something other than chores.
Sorry, I, uh, left all my awesome genetic textbook reading for the summer vacation.
Sorry, I, uh, left all my awesome
Sorry, man, it was a practice run for when we kidnap awesome for his bachelor party.
If only Katia was here to see this awesome
Well, I think this has been, uh, an awesome experience.
You are an awesome lay.
You are awesome and cool.
You are awesome and cool.
You are awesome and totally sweet,
You are awesome and totally sweet,
You are awesome to be around.
You are doing an awesome job with me.
One awesome magical fun...
If seeing is believing, then surf over to www.google.com and experience for yourself google's awesome power.
Well, I'm glad we got to spend the day doing awesome air kicks.
Well, I'm not, even when I'm invited to awesome parties.
Well, Klein left this awesome vacation house
Either way, it remains an awesome and beautiful object.
You are one awesome and threatening hero, Texas!
Well, awesome job so far, uh... Alfie.
Spent running from the awesome shadow "of her father's misdeeds.
If someone wanted to know whether the '60s were awesome or not? They were.
Believe it or not, I was not always as awesome as I am today.
Elves have awesome cord blood for stem cell research,
Berliners now had the awesome task of dismantling the wall.
Besides being a good singer it's just an awesome tone, too,
Besides psdtuts I work for a really great company called envato where I get to build lots of different sites and do awesome projects!
Besides, I know that since I like the idea of having power, that is an absolutely awesome reason not to give me any.
Betraying little of its awesome power.
Betraying little of its awesome power.
These are awesome Brooke. This rocks I know, but every designer needs her couture line
If that becomes widespread, globalisation could reverse at awesome cost.
Lord, we're gonna have an awesome school year
After using this awesome laptop for over 3 years my lcd screen went flop splat on me.
These superset weight lifting tips are awesome for gaining muscle mass and strength.
Low - tech, but awesome results.
Luckily, microsoft had seriously experienced gurus in each of those positions, who taught me everything I know today, and who did the real work of producing an awesome product.
Hey, awesome party.
MS. Seon - OK, awesome job on your first airing.
I love this plan. I get to keep my awesome job.
I love you, awesome nerds.
One of the things I thought was awesome in the game, and what I helped develop, was the setting of socotra, an island off yemen.
You can put in the description, options, decide whether users can choose single or multiple options, and ultimately, set the visibility of the poll and its expiration date, really complete and awesome feature isn't it?
Made of aluminum, titanium, and awesome it would be the perfect compliment for the new clear hood you just put on the ferrari.
Make sure you hold her afterwards and tell her how awesome it was!
Hey, everybody. I've got some awesome news.
Hey, everybody. I've got some awesome news.
I loved her. She had awesome breasts.
I made a list of awesome baby names.
I made a list of awesome baby names.
One washington-based military futurist told me, "the sings, well-they're just awesome in every way."
Even if you do not need the handbook you will still learn a lot from this awesome interview.
Ah, speaking of hair, a supremely awesome thing just happened to me.
Ah, speaking of hair, a supremely awesome thing just happened to me.
I made these awesome gloves, and she's like,
I made these awesome gloves, and she's like,
Both conventional tourism, but also a special tourism, along the way to climb seven mountains over 4000 meters above sea level, but not as tough as ordinary people have imagined, on the contrary, infinite in the awesome scenery.
Even when all else fails, providing an awesome product will usually lead to success.
Every awesome place I've worked had one.
Man, you are awesome at this!
Man,shine Mart was awesome last night.
Man,this bar is awesome now!
Only an awesome sodium beacon for the Observatory.
I make extra income, some lucky family has an awesome place to stay,
Ooh, I was awesome at checker - bucket.
Hey, honey, I'm really looking forward to our awesome honeymoon.
Hey, honey, I'm really looking forward to our awesome honeymoon.
You can't be awesome with one song.
Well, it was an awesome game.
Bow down before the awesome might of...
Bow down before the awesome might of...
Brazil, not content with its reputation for beautiful people and awesome football players, is making the world feel inadequate in other areas.
Hey, it's not something you can teach. - that is awesome
Or an awesome pakery.
Brilliant, what an awesome climb. Magical place.
Hey, perce, awesome job, man. - hey, thanks.
Hey, perce, awesome job, man. Hey, thanks.
Hey, wouldn't it be awesome if, uh,
Hey, your guys' Web show was pretty awesome tonight.
Bring on awesome people is probably the biggest challenge of any early-stage startup.
Matz says it appears natural selection led to the evolution of higher bleaching resistance in just one coral generation "which would be awesome news indeed."
Well, my mom's people are French, and she used to make a pretty awesome Basque cake,
Or even excellent or awesome for you,
Evolving... And ripped apart by the awesome forces of nature.
You cannot yet caress my daughter's awesome boobage.
You did an awesome job in there.
You did an awesome job tonight, man.
You did an awesome job.
You did awesome
You did such an awesome job, you go back and book him.
You did such an awesome job. Thanks.
You did such an awesome job.
If you don't appreciate yourself enough or are feeling down try making a mental list of awesome stuff you've done recently.
Or lastly, wouldn't even praise for your sexual performance be more gratifying than how awesome you are at hiding your feelings and true desires?
Or maybe she's just an awesome woman from this planet.
Hi! I'd like to meet the owner of this awesome and totally cool cupcake shop?
Except for your awesome, awesome body.
Except for your awesome, awesome body.
They have committed an awesome 60 billion of eu-backed bonds, a 440 billion fund guaranteed by euro-zone countries, and potentially up to 250 billion of imf money.
You don't get it. You were awesome out there.
Excuse me, but what is so fucking awesome about my brother dating a killer?
All he needs is an awesome title.
They have the most disgusting feet which is awesome and... Wow.
Or that it's always like an awesome keg party in here.
Or that it's always like an awesome keg party in here.
Well, so not only is it awesome
Experience some awesome skiing at an affordable package price.
Or we can run, and do awesome air kicks before our leg gets chopped off.
You don't have to, except that it makes for awesome television.
Well, that sounds awesome and I'm stoked,
Well, that was awesome of me.
Well, that was awesome of me.
I mean, I love that song. Just an awesome time. An awesome time.
Or you enlisted, you got the cool haircut and the awesome pants,
Business leaders like to imagine that they have the awesome responsibility of guiding their customers 'life paths.
Well, the awesome and wonderful part anyway.
Well, the awesome things about feuds is
Maybe a handful of diseases. It'll be super awesome when we find it.
Maybe a handful of diseases. It'll be super awesome when we find it.
Maybe he's just so awesome you didn't know how to handle it.
Or, as palo alto's spencer schoeben told me this weekend, "I love looking back at my check-in history and remembering the awesome things I've done."
I mean, awesome for you.
I mean, even Ella's being an awesome roommate
If you look at us away to everton and wigan, then we have been at our most awesome when we have been chasing games-looking for the winner or coming from behind.
Maybe my awesome threatocity gave you amnesia.
They put on an awesome show last night.
Submitted an awesome video clip to us
Submitted an awesome video clip to us
I mean, he's an awesome person.
His awesome last judgment is on the alter wall.
I mean, it's a pretty awesome show to be a part of.
You face the most awesome task society can impose on you:
I mean, now that you got this awesome bachelor pad?
You get an awesome phone, and they'll get a customer for another year or two.
You get four balls per play, and no matter how awesome you think you've done, the leaderboards will always make to you want to cry.
If you want to see the awesome custom table, here it is!
If you were as lucky as him, and you want to share your awesome sprouse experience just contact us on twitter; and we'll be happy to post your great story.
Sure - awesome - really?
Sure - awesome - really?
Our God is an awesome God.
Sure, doc, take the awesome club scene,
Sure, doc, take the awesome club scene,
Sure, it's a very rare and awesome job.
Sure, it's a very rare and awesome job.
You got some kind of sneaky awesome plot behind them crazy eyes?
You got some kind of sneaky awesome plot behind them crazy eyes?
Far from the awesome tree.
Fear is an awesome drug.
But I just want to say your son's awesome -
But I kind of just thought of an awesome shortcut.
Featuring six underground zip lines, including a fun filled dual racing zip, two awesome challenge bridges that will test your skill, balance, and mettle; this tour is guaranteed to get your heart racing and your adrenaline pumping.
If you'd like to take quick and informative screenshots from the web with chrome, the awesome screenshot addon is one of the best ways to do it.
All right, great show, everybody. Have an awesome weekend.
Well... I'm awesome in bed, so she begs me to have sex.
Suzhou is an awesome skate city.
Meanwhile, daming also note the air of the stench of the awesome news.
You guys did an awesome article last December
You guys did an awesome article last December on how to make iciclesout of mylar.
Our dilithium crystals represent awesome power.
You guys! You guys! I have awesome news!
They will tell of the power of your awesome works, and I will proclaim your great deeds.
His stupid, lame awesome hair.
His success stems from his personality: an awesome and at times frightening blend of brilliance drive competitiveness and personal intensity.
His success stems from his personality: an awesome and at times frightening blend of brilliance, drive, competitiveness and personal intensity.
You have a boyfriend that loves you, you have awesome friends,
You have a boyfriend that loves you, you have awesome friends,
You have an awesome power. You could have made hero easy.
Hmm? Why would I put something this awesome in the backyard?
I mean...  That's awesome
Fine. You're awesome and I need you.
But I'm dating this awesome guy.
All right. You got me. That's an awesome nickname.
All right. it's... It might be the most awesome thing.
All rolled into one awesome pad.
Imagine that I pioneer a wondrous nanomaterials startup that offers everyone a blindingly awesome new technology.
Take the world's most awesome roller-coasters
First of all, awesome job.
I missed you guys. Your hair looks awesome down.
What an awesome mother you are!
What an awesome sleepover.
First thing tomorrow, we hit the beach and that awesome surf.
All the awesome muscle tone underneath.
But I've been sitting on some awesome material, so
But I've been sitting on some awesome material, so
But a side-effect of this awesome efficiency may be a shrinking, rather than an expansion, of our horizons, because we are less likely to come across things we are not in quest of.
What are your ideas for a cheap, awesome date?
All these awesome girls
Alright, have a super awesome day, you two.
Alright, have a super awesome day, you two.
But all that woman ever does is talk about how awesome you are.
Mm - hmm. Yeah. I'm an awesome friend.
Also check out this awesome article about why do men lie to their girlfriends.
Over the sound of how awesome that purse is.
I need to tell her about these awesome shoes I just bought.
But as a rule he was more affected by the awesome abysses than by the harmonious landscape.
Also, it sounds totally awesome when played back 23 times slower than the original.
Also, the book's ending is depressing, as rambo stops his totally awesome rampage to be shot in the face.
Team awesome stays with him for moral support.
Hours later, as the sun crept up over the edge of the awesome lassen peak the jagged relic of a powerful volcanic explosion that strewed boulders over hundreds of square miles in the remote northeast of california, I pulled my sleeping bag over my head and whined exhaustedly that "everything has gone wrong."
They're having an awesome time and they didn't see me.
But at the same time to his awesome creativity?
But awesome taught me the woman's pa of the tango,
But central banks may be about to lose that awesome power.
They're so awesome and reputable.
You know I'm awesome at this stuff. Come on, let me do it. I wanna do it.
You know I'm awesome at this stuff. Come on, let me do it. I wanna do it.
How about you use your awesome deductive powers and you help me fix it? All right, um...
PS, this is an awesome room. PS, shut the fuck up!
But even at a mere 18 tonnes, apatosaurus would still have been an awesome sight.
But five hours in a carwith awesome and his "brahs"?
Paint "Allah is awesome love" on the side of the RV?
Paint "Allah is awesome love" on the side of the RV?
You know me, just trying to return some awesome property
Thing that was awesome that we did together. Remember that?
I often went to their awesome site, which at the time was an interactive flash site ( don't hate, it was like 2005 or 2006 lol) and would daydream actually about what it would be like to work there, and just work on awesome stuff all day.
But he has an awesome car.
You know that is an awesome suit.
Part of what we wanted to do was give shamans other spells to cast besides ch. riptide is an awesome spell and seems to be fun for a lot of shamans.
How awesome am I - Oh, how stupid can you be.
How awesome am I how stupid can you be
How awesome am I how stupid can you be
How awesome does that sound?
How awesome is it to come back winning?
How awesome is that!
How awesome is that!
How awesome is this, huh?
How awesome it was? Christmas was the highlight of the year.
How awesome this sign looks from out here.
How awesome was I today?
How awesome will it be when you asphyxiate in the clouds?
How awesome would that be?
Path is the most elegantly designed mobile app, with an awesome user experience.
For example, scientists in the future may be able to model the awesome forces that interact when a star explodes.
For instance, a lot of things that weren't available to decent, hard-working new yorkers in non-preposterous income brackets are now much more accessible: real-estate prices have gone down, nice restaurants are offering specials, barneys new york is having awesome sales.
For me to see that, it's awesome to see him push himself, but,
This calls for an awesome toast.
How could the leg be well enough to do awesome air kicks one day,
How could the leg be well enough to do awesome air kicks one day.
But he's high - nosed I bet he feels awesome
People will know I'm awesome and to be feared.
An awesome flying pose.
An awesome time. Zach!
In ancient times, mythological gods were credited with this creation. But these mysterious lights get their powerful glow from the same awesome force that gives our planet life.
Test your sword wielding skills in the awesome boulder crusher game.
You know what, it's awesome to have world dance on this stage.
Than come to my awesome work party?
For when you did awesome things that we did not expect, you came down, and the mountains trembled before you.
Thank you all so much for being awesome awkward fans.
Mr goldthwaite's conclusion is a happy one: "wealth was recycled and invested in human capital and transformed into the patrimony of urban architecture, artwork and a tradition of craftsmanship unequalled in any other city." It is an awesome legacy.
This couple told you about an awesome little spot.
For your information, your son is hard at work on an awesome van Gogh.
Forced to wait, mantis entered a trance-like, totally awesome state of mind.
How flipping awesome was that? I just killed that thing!
And I came up with some awesome new stuff. You did?
Personally, I just can't wait for flexible screens: these awesome new bendable interfaces will let you zoom in, zoom out and scroll around a page simply by twisting your phone or tablet.
Thanks to my newly awesome sister,
Thanks to my newly awesome sister, I get to see his Coronation.
Thanks to my newly awesome sister, I get to see his Coronation.
Thanksgiving must be really awesome
That America is so star - spangled awesome
Peter kafka over at all things d thinks awesome music streaming service spotify could finally hit the states next week.
What if you had a clear road map to follow to creating a business that you love, and a community of awesome individuals to support you every step of the way?
But in the most awesome way.
Four awesome years at college,
Petrification does awesome things for your skin.
Petrification does awesome things for your skin.
Phones now come equipped with super mega-pixels and awesome applications like instagram and dotti.
Piled high on both sides of Highway 3 around the town of Frank is the remnant of the deadliest rockslide to ever happen in Canada - a massive debris field that looks more like the surface of the moon than a mountain valley, and a stark reminder of Mother Nature's awesome power.
This has been an awesome, awesome ride.
But instead, I'm out in the world being awesome 24-7, 365!
But instead, I'm out in the world being awesome 24-7,365!
That classroom needs new ways of measuring progress, tailored to digital times-rather than to the industrial age or to some artsy utopia where everyone gets an awesome for effort.
And I happen to be in possession of two primo Tax for Saturday's awesome gig.
This is all awesome -
This is all without mentioning the awesome addition of a bit of retconning.
This is an awesome day.
You know, I've never seen somebody who's ready to die put up such an awesome fight to stay alive.
Plus I really wanted my own awesome musical number...
Plus I told you a really awesome idea to get us out of here, but you won't try it.
Pluto is the planet that can help you succeed even in against-all-odds situations, so as you see, you have awesome help at this full moon to overcome even difficult health concerns.
Poisonless answered, if it wasn't awesome spiritual strength that brought you here, then it was the power of karma. Those are the only two ways anyone comes here.
Poker players are the most awesome people in the world.
And I just thought wouldn't it be awesome if Rebecca and our baby
You know, especially with this awesome thing going on at the same time.
You know, especially with this awesome thing going on at the same time.
That he would be awesome and we'd take hikes and stuff.
That is awesome feeling when someone is making an effort to make you smile
You know, it would be awesome to have six legs.
That is so awesome of you guys!
But it was awesome for me.
How'd you like that one, tough guy? How frickir awesome was that, huh?
This is not just because a presidency knocked sideways by the events of september 11th 2001, is ending. Next week's inauguration also bears witness to america's awesome power of self-renewal.
This is quite a traditional hollywood cartoon blockbuster, and all the plots are awesome and appropriate, not to mention the background music and video facture.
What squadron were you with? - the awesome fighting aces.
What started as an awesome day has become, like, a real bummer.
You know, someone once said comedy is the most awesome thing ever because it rules.
But it'd be even more awesome if this happened.
Portland's transit system has an awesome website, so it's easy to find a route that works for me.
But it's a really awesome game.
Post-independence the government made special efforts to preserve and nurture the awesome cultural heritage, by setting up a number of new incentives, and by heightening media exposure at the national level, to propagate and popularise indigenous games.
You know, that seaweed must be awesome
You know, that seaweed must be awesome
I respect you, and I think you're an awesome writer.
However, suppose that I am using the batteries for my wii remote or my awesome syma indoor rc helicopter ( these really do fly nice). For these electronic devices, if the voltage drops too low they might not work properly.
You know, the really cool, awesome people,
In my awesome kitchen.
In my awesome kitchen.
What was it - the awesome infusion to your exhibit.
And I thought that was awesome but I wasn't expecting it so soon.
And I thought that was awesome but I wasn't expecting it so soon.
This is the muscle and the firepower which is quite awesome because effectively, theoretically, it's unlimited.
What was it... The awesome infusion to your exhibit.
And I wanted to have this awesome night between the two of us,
And I was gonna give you an awesome send - off, bro.
In order to preserve these awesome wonders, the sequoia national park was created in 1890.
From upbeat and awesome
From your humdrum lives by hearing how awesome mine is,
My awesome teaching skills is gonna earn me three hundred bucks!
My awesome teaching skills is gonna earn me three hundred bucks!
This looks suspicious. And awesome and perfect for my trophy,
You looked awesome when you were shooting.
You looked awesome when you were shooting.
I - I mean, I'm awesome at this thing, buy maybe a little less
My completely uncomplicated, awesome life.
My cousin owns an awesome gun range.
What's Wednesday? The day I finally get my hands on those awesome cuticles?
You may have heard of super awesome talent agency.
You may remember me from that rather awesome
You may remember me from that rather awesome
But l did take this awesome architecture class.
I actually did, like... It weren't awesome but it was an OK drawing of the Eiffel tower.
You meet so many awesome people in the youth hostels
And I'll be the guy in the awesome blazer.
And I'll be the guy in the awesome blazer.
This non-smoking room is a great place with awesome value.
I stood up the world's nicest, most handsomest, most awesome guy in the world...
I stood up the world's nicest, most handsomest, most awesome guy in the world
I am awesome at it. Ahhh!
That was awesome - Oh, you're dead, taco boy!
That was awesome .- you, too, good job.
That was awesome last night.
That was awesome that was the best feeling
That was before we got to know Stella and see how awesome she is and what a great couple you guys are.
I take back my awesome apology!
I take back my awesome apology!
I take back my awesome apology!
What? No. I'm sure it's an awesome workout.
What? No. I'm sure it's an awesome workout.
My lungs. My awesome liver. What you believe in.
My mom makes awesome meatloaf. Oh, cool.
Put up such an awesome fight to stay alive.
But not as awesome as your mother.
But nothing would be as awesome as marrying you.
But nothing would be as awesome
I am such an awesome sleep therapist.
This post is in celebration of my friend rachel rabbit white's latest awesome project, lady porn day!
I think Sam and Freddie would make an awesome couple.
You said, "I got it at this awesome thrift store
But now that I see how awesome it
In the end, we fear our own awesome power.
When I came to the tribe, I thought we would have awesome team work.
When I came to the tribe, I thought we would have awesome team work.
Reaching your goals, having really special or awesome days and learning to handle bad times and slumps are of course important but many days in life are spent in-between that.
Read our on-going vi/ vim tips and tricks series for some awesome vim hacks
That was some awesome Kung fu.
When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.
When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.
But seeing it is a more awesome thing. I'm downloading
Given its awesome size, brazil offers the tourist the opportunity to see many different ecosystems.
You see, this is an awesome game. It's called cat in a bag.
I think it'll make an awesome film.
This smoking room is a great place with awesome value.
I think it's awesome but I can't hear the beat that they're on.
I think it's awesome that you had sex with her.
I think it's awesome that you're gonna have a kid, man.
Really awesome shoes.
I think it's really awesome voting me off because I was too well liked by both tribes.
I think it's really good for you. It's an awesome color,
My wife stole an awesome painting from the museum!
I think kit deserved it. And he's an awesome sailor, so...
Really? I mean, cause you were an awesome parent.
Really? I'd be awesome at that.
I think my outfit is awesome
I think my outfit is awesome
That wasn't as awesome as the dragon warrior himself.
Gmail is an awesome web mail program, but it was missing some functionality essential for adoption in larger enterprises.
And after an awesome if seemingly interminable four hours of performance and ceremonial, president hu jintao of china formally declared the games of the 29th olympiad open.
I think she's a pretty good model, awesome legs,
I think she's a pretty good model, awesome legs,
In this series our expert archaeologist stuart prior and ex-marine monty halls search through time to find mankind's most awesome and terrifying killing machines.
Recent studies using the awesome powers of lasers and shit ( no, seriously!)
This tube is the most awesome goddamn force in the whole godless world...
And an awesome ability to illuminate...
And an awesome wailing was heard throughout heaven.
When Jody hears you sing that awesome song to her,
When Jody hears you sing that awesome song to her,
This week saw yet another reminder of the awesome power of "the lobby".
This week's landfall of hurricane sandy in new york and surrounding areas is a reminder of nature's awesome power.
I beta - tested for a while. It's awesome at first, then it's goddamn monotonous.
I buy her flowers, chocolates, an awesome wallaby,
You showed me how awesome kids are.
That would be pretty awesome for us as users and it would increase ad impressions for facebook.
I think we got some awesome seats.
I think you are awesome
I came up with an insanely awesome way
That you replace my stuff with equally awesome stuff.
When he finished, there was an awesome silence in the room.
Information architecture company ia built this awesome visualization and we have learned that it is about to roll out an interactive version of its map later this month.
And check out this awesome pin.
And check out this awesome tree!
Next give it up for the awesome Caitlyn Geller!
Next give it up for the awesome Caitlyn Geller!
God did all these awesome deeds in the past for one nation.
Though if I had a punk band, we would have an awesome name.
Next week's inauguration also bears witness to america's awesome power of self-renewal.
And despite his awesome muscle mass, is chris strongest of them all?
Next, an ensemble of clean-cut young chinese pop stars takes the stagefor a song about-from what I can gather-how awesome beijing is. Take that, high school musical.
I think you're awesome and talented
I think you're awesome and talented
And do some awesome air kicks while you still could?
Instead of crafting awesome words, works of art, or solutions, you sit with worries, stress, anxiety and a subtle realization that you're still not the productive, task-accomplishing machine that you hoped to be by now.
Nice job good job man that was awesome
When most of us were still in diapers. You are an awesome boss.
When most of us were still in diapers. You are an awesome boss.
Three months, but they were awesome months
Three reasons why Katonah is awesome -
Three reasons why Katonah is awesome -
Google book search-google is continuing its campaign for world domination with this awesome project.
When ooohing and ahhhing at the brilliant colors and surprising patterns of a fireworks display, you might take a moment to admire the awesome display of chemistry and physics too.
That's an awesome plan, congressman. What's the signal?
That's awesome !- yeah, sit, sit, sit.
That's awesome about the egg drop.
That's awesome and a little disturbing.
That's awesome dude, right on! I can't wait to come to the performance, I'll be there front row center.
That's awesome if we were looking for a well.
That's awesome if we were looking for a well.
That's awesome news. She'll recover.
But they really do have some awesome stuff.
Investment in infrastructure is how a nation harnesses this awesome multiplier.
Ipad is an awesome platform, with thousands of cool apps already developed or upcoming.
But they're also waiting for you to finally grasp how awesome they are
And have an awesome time, okay?
Is a awesome God.
But this awesome person is too lifelike to be a god.
Is a window on the awesome geological forces that shape our planet.
But this is an awesome added bonus.
But this is awesome hair.
You were Pretty awesome out there.
Tiny cameras in space brought back photographs of the whole earth that were awesome in the old-fashioned sense of the word: at once inspiring and frightening.
Is awesome and he's carrying the band.
You were awesome back there.
You were awesome in all the school plays.
You were awesome on that show, you know?
You were awesome out there, just like your uncle.
You were awesome out there, kiddo! Awesome!
You were awesome out there.
You were awesome
Graf looked in awesome form as she cruised to an easy victory.
Grant: I am grant...... the martyr of might...... now show me your awesome power...... show me all you have.
Grave digger, bus driver, really awesome cook.
Grave digger, bus driver, really awesome cook.
When we were on exile, and thank you for this awesome opportunity.
When we were on exile, and thank you for this awesome opportunity.
Great awesome
And he has a really awesome hideout too. It's pretty bad ass.
And he has a really awesome hideout too. It's pretty badass.
But this one's awesome too.
Great job, awesome possums!
No matter how awesome she may be.
When you are self-compassionate in the face of difficulty, you neither judge yourself harshly, nor feel the need to defensively focus on all your awesome qualities to protect your ego.
Right. There's nothing more awesome and frightening than a man
You were so awesome in the big showcase.
You were so awesome today, baby.
I throw an awesome right hook, by the way.
Right? I have an awesome girlfriend,
Great. See, that's an awesome idea.
To become hornier and do awesome guitar solos.
But we can still have awesome battles with them.
And he's awesome and he wants me to help and
I told him to bring some of those awesome champagne - juice drinks he makes.
To commemorate this awesome moment.
Routinely serve up awesome pictures of cosmic clusters.
And how awesome would it be to have a fake little brother who's really my nephew.
Sa - Yong was awesome today.
But what if I have a really awesome "bah"?
No way. Why would these awesome yellow pants be on sale?
Guys,you remember my awesome girlfriend who was a virgin until we met?
I can't tell you how awesome it was today watching you work.
To help establish his rule, he had this awesome and really awesome - in - its - day fortress built.
To help finish that awesome - o - lator
But yet we pulled out this awesome jingle.
That's why I need, like, a really awesome lawyer, like you.
I used online music comparison services to find 2 awesome bands with similar music styles to my favorite band, counting crows.
Where team awesome has just finished their performance.
To keep a talent so incredibly awesome as this
The Cascadia earthquake had been at least an awesome magnitude nine.
I used to see myself as this creative, nice, selfless, awesome dad who dotes on his three year old son.
No, I insist upon it. It's an awesome sweater.
No, I mean, this is an awesome spot.
But you got a pretty awesome collection of nudie mags.
No, I think you are hot and awesome and I love you, okay?
And in your splendor ride on victoriously because of truth and meekness and righteousness; and let your right hand teach you awesome deeds.
I could be in some awesome NREM dream cycle.
I could be in some awesome NREM dream cycle.
I want a record deal, give me a call,that will be awesome
Search is a versatile tool, but if you've had a hard time integrating all the awesome niche search engines available into your workflow ( google is so easy to access!) Then the following instructions might be perfect for you.
Is this awesome or what?
Is this awesome or what? It's bright, it's clean.
And it feels awesome and dry and soft and fabulous.
Isn't it awesome we get to live like this for the next four years?
Isn't it awesome we get to live like this for the next four years?
Has an awesome sex education program.
Where's that come from? You were awesome up there.
To produce the event page, there are several stages that the app goes through-for an awesome outline of the asp.net mvc request-handling pipeline, see this poster.
And it really captures the awesome variety of ages and cultures in the city,
To prove to you that I will be exactly this awesome
To put on my head because I think I did an awesome job.
The awesome apple doesn't fall far from the awesome tree.
The awesome force of a tsunami only becomes apparent in shallow water.
The awesome possums?
The awesome possums?
The awesome power of the dragon - are those dumplings?
The awesome power of the dragon - are those dumplings?
The awesome power which I control...
The awesome power which I control...
The awesome thing about the power of god, is that if we want to do something for god, instead of focusing on our capability, concentrate on our availability for we know that it is god through us and we can't do anything without him.
The awesome voice of god.
The awesome wrath of our mustaches.
Has team awesome lived up to its name?
And it's art awesome
And it's awesome spending weekends on my yacht, thanks for asking. Lab result's should be in.
And it's awesome spending weekends on my yacht, thanks for asking. Lab result's should be in.
Have I ever told you how awesome you are, Shelly Vreede?
The bed is large and comfortable,There are windows with awesome views of the city,The bath is huge,normal shower and large bath tub,There is a desk,
The best - looking, smartest, most all - around awesome guy on campus.
I want to say thank you for what has been an awesome semester.
Whether the romantic touch of a partner, or a friendly hug, or an awesome massage, try to touch others ( in an appropriate way, of course), and be touched, daily.
See, he's got an awesome dad named God
The bodaciously awesome dragon warrior
No, it was awesome -
No, it was awesome - I had a great night,
You're an awesome shag, you know that?.
The bombing of baghdad demonstrated the awesome power and might of the us military.
You're awesome and I need you.
You're awesome and amazing and fantastic,
You're awesome at the maps.
You're awesome at this.
No, it's not a good idea. It's an awesome idea.
Which all the kids say is an awesome time.
You're bringing your horse to the powwow. How awesome is that!
Have to know what? How awesome your life
I want you to teach our child how to say awesome stuff like that.
Which happens to be awesome for spotting scratches and micro cuts on bone.
It got her a pretty awesome present.
Which is an awesome flick.
Which is an awesome flick.
Which is just awesome for hiking and biking and river running.
Semiautomatic 7.62 with this awesome scope,
And listen to all my friends talk about how awesome college is?
Camp awesome "?
Campers at camp awesome
The chorus has the whole dome shaking with everyone jumping, singing and shaking their heads furiously all at once, an impressive and awesome sight.
The church in Ireland has always exercised an awesome power.
Which means we're gonna have an awesome senior's ditch day.
Which the studio hated and refused to adapt to film, despite its awesome cover.
I did too awesome a job.
And men will speak of the might of your awesome deeds, and I will declare your greatness.
I was a pretty awesome swimmer.
Can I go to this thing? 'cause it sounds like it's gonna be an awesome disaster.
Which you're awesome at, so... Okay.
Which, by the way, is awesome on a rainy Sunday.
And no amount of awesome swag could convince me otherwise.
Having an awesome time.
Having entered the international arena, an mnc faced an awesome task.
Having finally managed to tear herself away from university, she now works for a small company in cambridge where she turns data into manageable words and awesome graphs.
It is awesome to be me.
It is awesome your boyfriend wants to support you.
Seth looks like an awesome lad.
I was awesome back in the day.
Can I take a moment to say: how totally awesome is this?
While it's awesome that they're trying to give us a solution to that problem, I'm not sure if that alone should be one of ( what looks like) only two new abilities we'll be getting.
The continuous play of sun and shadow on the rock layers creates an awesome display.
Several awesome acts on america's got talent.
The country's national debt has hit an awesome 180 per cent of gross domestic product, ( un) comfortably the highest in the world among rich countries and there is no credible plan in place to hack it back.
The country's national debt has hit an awesome 180 per cent of gross domestic product, ( un) comfortably the highest in the world among rich countries and there is no credible plan in place to hack it back.
And so you validate yourself by thinking about how awesome you are.
Today we'll finish off the week with a roundup of awesome packaging concepts from behance and packaging of the world.
It is so awesome to meet all of you - just to be here.
It is true that they are skilled warriors, as awesome in battle as they are in the political arena.
Shaw, everybody will see how awesome I am.
Can you believe how awesome town Ricky's ask was?
You're making fun of me for being an awesome athlete, Ouch.
I was gonna say "receiving" lavish attention from my awesome boyfriend.
I was gonna say "receiving" lavish attention from my awesome boyfriend.
Tomie... You are awesome
Can you do that? Can you be awesome for me?
Can you hear me? Loud and clear. It's awesome in here.
And that is really awesome to find somebody like that, especially as a mentor.
You're not an awesome teacher!
Who happen to be amazingly awesome dancers doing like, a free show?!
Who happen to be amazingly awesome dancers doing like, a free show?!
I don't know if you're awesome or terrifying.
It may be natural or manmade, but it's awesome either way.
I was jealous. That is -  One awesome car.
I was jealous. That is -  One awesome car.
Not as awesome as this.
Not awesome she's complicated like the da Vinci code
And the awesome ability to fly.
I don't know what's better, the corduroy jacket or that awesome hair and beard.
He co-created the national financial education tabletop game of the year, awesome island game and teaches personal finance with reading community city schools.
It really is awesome to be me! Thanks, Brock.
It really is awesome to be me! Thanks, Brock.
It saved its awesome fangs for slashing soft flesh.
It saved its awesome fangs for slashing soft flesh.
You're such a girl, and it's just so awesome to see how brilliant a girl can be.
You're such an awesome role model, dad.
You're super awesome ".
You're the awesome one...
Carey consults for readwriteweb and also built our awesome friendfeed comment integration, among other things.
You're too late, man. - ah, that's an awesome game.
It was a clinical operation, but awesome in the scale of its savagery.
I don't know. How awesome is amazingly awesome?
Case in point:@ skipsullivan, who describes himself as "pretty awesome at most things in life" on his twitter profile, tweeted, "one time I walked into mcdonalds and I could smell type 2 diabetes floating in the air and I threw up.
I was so awesome today.
Why I was always so awesome at basketball.
Cause I got a way to find an awesome guy for you to ask.
Cause I know this awesome dude who's great at impressions
Cause I know this awesome dude who's great at impressions
Not so awesome if you're the person who let it happen.
It was awesome because every single day I danced.
It was awesome because every single day I danced.
It was awesome to be a part of.
It was awesome to let us hang out here.
It was awesome. It was awesome to witness.
You've been awesome on the show.
I was totally awesome at that job, man, totally dedicated.
Try our awesome hot breakfast. BW Reward members now till the end of May get 1000 extra points.
You've been really awesome tonight. Thank you.
It was just awesome to be
The junta has some awesome restrictions on owning electronics, especially computers.
It was so awesome today......
Not true. I have an awesome life.
Why can't there be one color that's so much more awesome
The last guardian awesome e3 trailer ( project trico)
Turns out living in the future is pretty awesome after all, even without flying deloreans.
Nothing can compare with the awesome splendor of the grand canyon.
Check out our night school on how to build a computer from the ground up to see how easy it really is, and if you're having trouble picking out parts, we've created a few awesome builds that should help you start your search.
Check out these awesome examples!
Check out this awesome echo thing
It would be awesome if the blonds pass by it.
It would be awesome if we had, like,
It would be awesome if you could try to get him to go,
It would be great to compile a list of these awesome applications that no one knows about, and then I'll write a post featuring them.
It would be really awesome if, like, you could slingshot me in for a win.
It would be so awesome if this worked.
It'll be super awesome when we find it.
It'll make an awesome scene when he gives it to her.
Two awesome weeks...
Uh, when we went on an awesome wine - tasting trip.
He had an awesome bus, killer hair,
Your awesome Ryan Seacrest hairdo.
Your awesome Ryan Seacrest hairdo.
Your better half's giving me some pointers on the show. It's awesome stuff.
The lord will be awesome to them when he destroys all the gods of the land. The nations on every shore will worship him, every one in its own land.
I don't think that I'll believe you ehya, you must, and this is awesome
Your dad was an awesome fisherman.
Um, I think it's awesome
Cic's deep pockets stem from china's awesome manufacturing export machine which has produced reserves of about$ 2000bn.
Now that sounds like an awesome revised plan.
And today I urge nations to join us in seeking a future where we harness the awesome power of the atom to build and not to destroy.
Click on any thumbnail to see an awesome fly-out effect.
It's a really awesome simple trick.
It's a stage now where we are all creating these versions of ourselves that are awesome  we have great vacations, look great, have awesome friends.
It's important to have an awesome text editor to work with.
It's in Boston - that's awesome
It's just awesome to finally have an application practical.
It's just, all you guys can do this awesome bending stuff
And we are gonna find awesome people for each other.
The most awesome military power in the world blunders about like a helpless giant in a dark room, swarmed by hostile forces that it cannot see and cannot attack.
The most awesome point of totalitarianism lies in shattering human's thought rather than exterminating human's body.
The most awesome scum in America.
The most awesome scum in America.
It's like eating a Beav - it's awesome at first, then it's goddamn monotonous,
And we can even add some awesome lasers
Undeniably awesome and clever as stm threads are, I'm not convinced that shared memory makes sense outside of the "cell membrane" of a single computer.
And we have some awesome photos.
She wrote, "hey, I got an awesome idea" for iCarly.
She wrote, "hey, I got an awesome idea" for iCarly.
He is, like, awesome and hot.
I would like to propose a toast to my son and his awesome gaming prowess.
Come on, pen. I would be an awesome Santa.
It's not a problem if you're awesome at it.
It's not as awesome as I thought it would be.
She's a good, old lady. She's an awesome lady.
She's a good, old lady. She's an awesome lady.
Committing to an awesome Halloween costume
Committing to an awesome Halloween costume
Your son did awesome today.
Your son did awesome today. You should be proud.
I wrote you a song, I found you an awesome clip on YouTube.
Your total ignorance of how awesome you are is one of the 5,000 things I love about you.
Untitled awesome movie.
With an awesome photographer who looks like a Nordic sex God.
Nylon was stronger than silk and totally awesome for covering bare legs.
O damn. It's that awesome thing right there.
I'd heard he might have been coming, but it's just awesome to have him here.
Congratulations. I heard you pitched awesome tonight.
Zola's gonna be fine because we're awesome surgeons,
She's got awesome tramp stamp.
a Deluxe King room on,floor which was quite large and comfortable,and tremendous water,the rooms have awesome sound insulation,
OK, Mr. I'm awesome at geography.
Consisting of a string of volcanic islands in the center of the pacific ocean, hawaii is a tourist's paradise what with its great weather all year round, wonderful beaches with awesome surf and scenery.
Using an ios device as a remote also opens up some pretty awesome "interactive tv" options.
an awesome stay,there are several metro,The room itself was very clean,and pretty large,the bathroom was incredible,the view was awesome,
and the world's most awesome band
awesome dress.
She's lying. - but how awesome would that be?
It's pretty awesome that you decided to stay single.
I found us an awesome hiding place in the back of a car.
With our awesome detective work.
He played awesome as usual.
I'll just forget everything about our awesome friendship
I'll just forget everything about our awesome friendship if you'll just tell me,
And win a really awesome stuffed sock monkey.
She's pretty, has an awesome personality,
With some of nature's most awesome creatures, Mr. Sea lion.
He posted all these awesome pictures of him
He posted all these awesome pictures of him and his girlfriend in Peru.
With striking locations, awesome sound and graphics and fun and intuitive game-play, archipelago is easy to learn and hard to put down.
And with this awesome war film in hand, they got to take me.
And yeah, I wanted to slide down those wicked awesome poles.
And yeah, I wanted to slide down those wicked awesome poles.
It's so awesome that you drive a golf cart,
It's so awesome that you're working here.
It's so awesome that you're working here.
He raised funds to begin awesome inc. in lexington, ky., last year.
And you are doing such an awesome job
And you are doing such an awesome job
And you can be equally awesome with a background band,
I give you five awesome Bruce Lee movie...
I give you five awesome Bruce Lee movie...
cause the thing is, I'm having kind of an awesome time.
Visitors to this pier can enjoy outstanding fishing or watching the awesome talentof local surfers.
She'so sneaky. She must makan awesome spy.
It's this awesome site where students can go say.
It's this awesome site where students can go say.
It's this awesome town legend. There was this bus...
And you look so happy and it's awesome to see that I'm really showing them what I love to do.
And you look so happy and it's awesome to see that I'm really showing them what I love to do.
Of awesome legacy - making fire swords in a size 16.
Of being an awesome wingman?
He said you're doing awesome in school.
Cowen's core point is that up until sometime around 1974, the american economy was able to experience awesome growth by harvesting low-hanging fruit.
I got it at this awesome thrift store in echo park.
He says he wasn't able to round up a roster of mentors as impressive as those that are in a program like y combinator or techstars, and he acknowledges that some awesome inc. participants view it as a steppingstone to a more prestigious program.
Of course it's cool. It's awesome as shit.
Of course it's cool. It's awesome as shit.
And you're an awesome friend.
And you're an awesome guest. Get in here.
Working for Mr. Trump was an awesome experience. It is something I will never forget
Working in fashion you must see a lot of awesome style.
The prosecutors forgot that, as public officials, their job isn't to try and win at all costs but to use the awesome power of criminal law to protect the public from actual harm.
Wait. You guys, I have an awesome idea!
Show them how awesome you are.
Would be an awesome opportunity.
And, I think it's awesome that I can look at of video of the game...
And, I think it's awesome that I can look at of video of the game...
Would look awesome on you.
Ivan the awesome .
I gotta tell you, I feel awesome again.
I gotta tell you, I feel awesome again.
And, uh, Oh yeah, this is going to be awesome right here.
I'm 100% awesome and you know it.
I'm 100% awesome and you know it.
I guess - I guess "twilight" is really awesome and I agree.
Dad, what was the name of thate awesome movie you made?
Dale long lives in south burlington, vermont, with his awesome wife and two wonderful children.
don't look now, but the awesome possums are headed this way.
Want to try to rob me with that awesome bow and arrow?
Jenkinson's South Family Amusement Center is absolutely awesome at night.
Wouldn't that be an awesome way to appeal to women globally, and be the torchbearer for women's issues and content around the world?
I'm a dyke with awesome new friends!
I had a job, an awesome gig that was gonna pay $1 00 -
I had a job, an awesome gig that was gonna pay $1 00 -
I had a, uh, really awesome day, man. Seriously
I had an awesome time.
don't say that. There's, like, so many awesome things about you.
don't say that. There's, like, so many awesome things about you.
He traveled through time in an awesome custom van
Wrong. You're both awesome dancers.
Anti phishing protection, the love-it-or-hate-it awesome bar, location information and pause/ resume functionality in the download window, increased annoyingness in the invalid certificate dialog, and so on-great new features, welcome improvements, and even some stuff that was long overdue anyway.
Skills, relax. I have an awesome sense of direction.
I'm a star, she's a star you a star but it's awesome
don't worry about it. I can handle it. - awesome job.
don't worry about it. I can handle it. - awesome job.
I'm busting out an awesome dress, I think.
Smartest, most all - around awesome guy on campus.
Of really awesome things to play with.
Yeah I don't know if I ever told you this before, but I'm actually an agent over at the super awesome talent agency.
Just a couple of friends having an awesome dinner party.
Yeah seriously, imagine how awesome it would look to
Just awesome enough where maybe people think you don't know you're awesome,
Just awesome husband wife spy work.
Just be an killer product or an awesome service, and if you can succeed at that ( a hard challenge itself) good things will likely happen.
Yeah, I feel pretty awesome right now.
Designed by maison martin margiela, this awesome beach bag transforms into a towel or a beach mat.
Despite being a very awesome sight,
Despite being a very awesome sight,
I have an awesome pool hole.
I have an awesome rack?
I have an awesome rack?
I have blogged for almost 5 years now. Over that time I have shared many awesome and timeless quotes on life.
I'm glad we got to spent the day doing awesome air kicks.
Oh good. - awesome or what?
Yeah, I was gonna say, it looks like you guys got some awesome sconces.
Yeah, I'm an awesome dad. I'm a good... You are. You are.
Yeah, I'm an awesome dad. I'm a good... You are. You are.
Anyway, it feels really awesome I like kissing better than sex
I'm going to get awesome back to my sister before she has an aneurysm.
We are awesome monster basher!
We are going to have a really awesome shelter.
We are going to have one last awesome night together as bros.
We are gonna have awesome kids!
Yeah, an awesome minivan.
I'm gonna do something that I think is awesome
Yeah, awesome job of keeping an eye on her.
Apple's music event was so full of shiny gadgets and awesome news that your head might still be spinning.
Yeah, because awesome awesome.
Apps like evernote can work with awesome note to synch your notes with google docs, but a native implementation of document editing goes a step further.
Are  awesome or nothing.
I have so many awesome plans for us.
Oh, I get it. She's naming awesome things.
So go for it! Show them how awesome you really are!
Are these crowns awesome or what?!
Oh, but you wore those awesome shoes.
We can open up an awesome bakery.
Oh, come on, with real photos, can you do awesome slide shows like this?
We can still do all the awesome road trip stuff we wanted to do.
I'm here to tell you about a really cool nugget of awesome that I got from our conversation.
Are you hurt? Ding Ding, you're awesome
Are you kidding me? I had an awesome time.
I heard you knew an awesome good gay joke.
I heard you knew an awesome good gay joke.
We did this awesome picture.
I'm kinda awesome at it.
Just wanted t awesome good news with you.
Oh, it's like you poured awesome sauce all over a big plate of bodacious!
Oh, it's like you poured awesome sauce all over a big plate of bodacious!
Arizona offers wonderful desert landscapes ideal for mountain biking and hiking, numerousresorts for golf and tennis, and luxurious spas for those who are looking to relax and unwind.Explore a rich Native American culture and southwestern art. Be sure to visit Sedona, a famousspot with its awesome red-rock formations, and the Grand Canyon. For a cheaper trip, stay atthe Sedona Motel and book your own excursions.
Kissing is great for romantic bonding and just as awesome for your health.
As a decidedly UN - awesome waiter at his father's noodle shop.
As a matter of fact not only can you live a better life but you can go on to live an awesome life, if you get out of your own way!
We get there, and, we think it's gonna be awesome -
Knuth: because computer science is awesome and beautiful, I try to explain the parts of it that I know, in the best possible ways.
As for zombies, the pole-vaulting zombie is awesome for the sheer hilarity that takes place when I'm watching someone play for the first time. They always wonder "what is that guy going to do with his stick?"
We got all kinds of awesome stuff.
As the parent of a teenager, my immediate thought was, "yeah, sure, right after they clean up their rooms and set the table, they can be totally awesome founders, as long as they can tear themselves away from the latest installment of the twilight series."
As would be appropriate to something awesome and larger and
I'm not sure it's awesome to be down here.
I'm not sure there is a better way to show how extendable wordpress is and how awesome this community is at the same time.
We happen to be awesome at covert ops.
We have a plan here. We're not going to talk about everything in the works here-today is about pocket and the awesome new experience we've created for all of you.
We have an awesome beanbag chair that's perfect for the break room.
We have an awesome time.
I'm rod. I do awesome stunts.
I'm rod. I do awesome stunts.
I'm rod. I do awesome stunts.
We have to crawl under these massive, awesome lions.
I'm sure it is going to turn into awesome linkbait.
I'm sure you would agree that there are a few awesome things about having a picnic. The first thing is that it gives you a wonderful opportunity to spend time outdoors and enjoy the spring weather. The second thing is that you don't have to spend a lot of money on it. The last thing is that picnics are great for all ages.
I'm taking you all the way down to awesome town.
I'm telling you I was an awesome high school athlete,
We look awesome together.
We lost the game, but still, what an awesome senior year moment.
We make a good team. We make an awesome team.
We met at a photo shoot for vanity fair's annual awesome gentleman issue.
We need to make sure he has an awesome night.
A wise, shrewd political move on the part of Vespasian, being followed by his equally shrewd son, Titus.
A shrewd and temperamental leader.
He was a shrewd and wealthy businessman.
He was a shrewd tactician.
So it was a shrewd move, at the time.
He was essentially a shrewd commanding officer.
A corporate museum is a shrewd way to bolster a brand.
So it's just as easy to say google will regret buying motorola as it is to say it will look back on the deal as a shrewd move.
He was shrewd noticing your middle finger...
I've a pretty shrewd idea myself.
I've always understood you were a shrewd fellow at your job.
Less likely to win is the pugnaciously shrewd ed balls ( pictured right), who worked with the younger miliband in mr brown's entourage.
Oh, well, you're such a shrewd judge of human nature,
He's a shrewd businessman and hard as nails.
He's a shrewd reader of human nature.
He's a shrewd son of a bitch.
A minority of shrewd billionaires have succeeded in prospering despite the tumultuous conditions.
The wise jesus is brother to the shrewd christ.
He's shrewd and can smell a successful, well-conceived project.
A shrewd and heartless schemer.
A shrewd engineer would use fractals in many, many contexts,
A shrewd man.
A shrewd observation thank you, your excellency
A shrewd observation, master Kenobi.
A shrewd observation, master Kenobi.
Yes, we've met. A shrewd man.
We've made shrewd investments.
Her unthreatening exterior belied a sharp intelligence and a shrewd wit.
There were so many petty clerks in the factory that even he, shrewd as he was, could not be expected to remember them all individually.
Acosta's thinking was in fact a shrewd response to the economic phenomenon called "oil curse".
Drouet was not shrewd enough to see that this was not tactful.
On the contrary, they found a shrewd formula to accommodate one another.
On the other hand, we constructed a database technology that collected the problems of customer responded and improved the defect of products. Furthermore, this would be in accordance with management and decision in current sly and shrewd business environments, also it would open a new commerce chance to show the crm concept adequately.
Yet yota has made some shrewd choices, too.
During a meeting with newspaper editors this week, mr rajapaksa presented his decision to go to the polls early as a sacrifice of two years of his term rather than as a shrewd move to capitalise on victory in the war.
During the republican primaries, however, mr romney staked out the farthest-right ground on immigration. It was a shrewd short-term move.
Economic decision-makers are more optimistic than two months ago. The main reason is the belief that the european central bank, under the shrewd leadership of mario draghi, has eliminated the risk of a financial implosion in the eurozone.
Edgar hoover was an extremely intelligent and shrewd individual.
You are already shrewd
Before marrying, male female both sides agree to carry out man-days to give shrewd give birth to zhi son woman, belong to illegitimate son woman.
Therefore be as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves.
Therefore be as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves.
Even if it continues to make shrewd moves, ebay investors may find the turnaround it took years to put into place may not be producing the rich crop of fruits they once anticipated.
Mammy emerged from the hall, a huge old woman with the small, shrewd eyes of an elephant.
Mammy omerged from the hall, a huge old woman with the small, shrewd eyes of an elephant.
One year later adobe's moves increasingly appear shrewd and likely to produce positive results next year.
Or else you are that shrewd and knavish sprite
Such a speech made sense politically, too: it was shrewd to emphasise just how dreadful a mess he is inheriting from his predecessor.
Well, well, well, that was a shrewd observation.
Other innovations have helped: opening regional offices, including one in glasgow, has looked like a shrewd move in the past week.
His eyes were small and grey, not very bright, but I daresay I should think them shrewd now.
His grey eyes were shrewd but kindly.
His lawyer, harper steger, looked very shrewd and canny to them.
Far from preventing abuses, complexity creates loopholes that the shrewd can abuse with impunity.
Far from preventing abuses, complexity creates loopholes that the shrewd can abuse with impunity.
But I have a fairly shrewd idea...
But I have a fairly shrewd idea...
Me thought a'made a shrewd thrust at your belly.
Susan was a manager in an obstetrics gynecological ward in a private hospital. She was a shrewd and.
Wenger is so shrewd in the market as well, and as examples we can recall how he signed nicolas anelka, marc overmars and emmanuel petit then sold them on for vast fortunes.
Meanwhile ms taylor-thompson is playing a shrewd hand.
Mentored by her grandmother, a tiny woman in wire-framed glasses and a tight perm, liu trained rigorously as a performer, and developed the shrewd business skills that have lifted her family from poverty to prosperity.
You have always been a shrewd son of a bitch.
Hollywood has been famously left-leaning for decades, even as it teemed with shrewd business operators.
But I've got a pretty shrewd idea it's not gonna be very nice!
But again he's very shrewd politically and he also wants to make sure that the people have access to this.
But an extremely careful and shrewd intelligence.
Tcm holds that ganping sexual flavour, medlar, can nourishing liver kidney, benefit shrewd eye and raise blood.
For a challenger's campaign that remains on the defensive against the white house, this is a shrewd choice.
Television programs that routinely pigeonhole shanghai's men as selfish and effeminate and its women as shrewd and picky serve to reinforce sheng's claim.
They're state-owned enterprises becoming increasingly exposed to commercial competition; they have been shrewd and surprisingly non-defensive in opening themselves to outside improvement and international standard-setting; and they're buoyed by the overall continued growth of the economy.
Although chiang kai-shek is shrewd in his calculations, we have our chairman mao, who is even wiser and saw through them as early as when he began to formulate the concept of the principle for the war of self-defence.
Monks are more shrewd than us.
But he lacks his predecessor's charisma and shrewd policy instincts.
For its legal position, shrewd egg belongs to legitimate children from the spouses mutual and its son woman who agrees artificial reproduction.
For many years these legal instruments were considered peculiar by many chinese. They were considered proof of how cold-blooded and calculating rich people can be-so shrewd they must even consider the possibility of divorce before marriage.
For the sons of this world are more shrewd in their generation than the sons of light.
In another shrewd move, google bought doubleclick, the online display ad service, for$ 3.1 billion in 2008.
Mr bhattarai has been shrewd in other ways too, for instance, in warming up relations with india that had cooled as nepal grew closer to china.
In fact walpole did not understand the speculation and was prevented from making a disastrous investment in the shares himself only by a shrewd adviser.
Mr. jang is seen by analysts as a shrewd power broker who has drawn generals and party officials to his side.
In her latest novel, martina tells the story of nick leary-devoted father, loyal friend and shrewd businessman-and what happens when a masked intruder breaks into his home.
I replaced him with doug sosnik, the white house political director, who was almost as aggressive as rahm, understood politics and the congress, always told me the downside of every situation without wanting me to give in to it, and was a shrewd hearts player.
Profit gained by giving up your valuablesare often not worth envying; the loss may often outweight thegain. This is not a shrewd business deal.
That was a shrewd observation.
But mr kim, for all his megalomania and paranoia, is a shrewd tactician.
I tell you, though, it was a shrewd move.
My mother had consequently made her own shrewd deductions about what was going on in my marriage.
In the largely tax-free environment that characterized colonial america he was considered one of its richest residents a product of his shrewd business sense a marriage to a wealthy widow and several inheritances.
But that was a more shrewd than conciliatory strategy on the government's part: today marks the 86th birthday of the nation's much adored monarch, king bhumibol, an occasion that calls for sober celebration and peace.
You sound like quite a shrewd investor, pastor.
Those cancellations could be explained by shrewd bargaining tactics rather than slumping demand.
News corp was shrewd in understanding the market for conservative political tv in america: the core audience of fox news creates a stable cashflow.
News corp was shrewd in understanding the market for conservative political tv in america: the core audience of fox news creates a stable cashflow.
Three years later, after a series of shrewd investments in the privatized russian metals industry, he was waging an ultimately successful battle for control of a siberian smelting plant, whose owner at one point aimed a grenade launcher at him.
Grannies's slogan, "there's wisdom in the wool," reflects the company's shrewd mashup of respect for the skills of maturity with the convenience of e-commerce and mass customization.
To be honest, it's difficult to imagine consumers choosing this over a full-fledged mini desktop or htpc, though samsung makes a shrewd point when it says this might find a home in k-12 computer labs, where the cost per student would be low and the systems would consume little space.
To be sure, some of its regional aims are mischievous, and in pursuing them it has adopted foul means, including terrorism. But the ayatollahs have so far been shrewd calculators of consequences.
That's one consequence of social learning, that it has sculpted us to be very shrewd and intelligent at copying, but perhaps less shrewd at innovation and creativity than we'd like to think.
But with the globalisation of the art market over the past decade, mr farsi hopes his hobby will turn out to have been a shrewd investment.
To lift shrewd steel against our golden crown,
The President has played a shrewd diplomatic game because from the outset he called for direct talks with the United States.
Hang shuming attempt to fuse buddhist dharmalaksana and the viewpoint of bergson life philosophy, to explain and develop the confucianism the philosophy of livelihood shrewd justice, to rebuild the ideal personality of the confucianism.
The art of persuasion represents the history of shrewd but diplomatic manipulation--getting people over the fence and onto your side without the use of force.
You're a shrewd woman, belle, and a very nice one.
You're a very shrewd mammal.
Whether we're talking about ants, bees, pigeons, or caribou, the ingredients of smart group behavior-decentralized control, response to local cues, simple rules of thumb-add up to a shrewd strategy to cope with complexity.
But, in the composure of his manner he was unaltered, except that to the shrewd glance of mr. lorry it disclosed some shadowy indication that the old air of avoidance and dread had lately passed over him, like a cold wind.
It is hard to see how britain could have long survived the fall of france without churchill's adamant refusal to consider negotiations, his shrewd diplomacy to nudge a reluctant united states into aiding britain's cause, and his immortal oratory to strengthen british resolve in the face of the german onslaught.
I didn't know you were such a shrewd man.
It is shrewd politics to champion the little guy.
The doctor was either a charlatan or a shrewd old rogue.
He denied that our thinking could be described by a probability distribution over all possible future events, a statistical distribution that could be teased out by shrewd questioning or discovered by presenting a menu of trading opportunities.
It should prove a shrewd investment.
It was a shrewd move.
It was a shrewd short-term move.
She scrupulously abide by the feudal woman, and shrewd is quite deep, can auto, others very tactful, above, below the love.
She scrupulously abide by the feudal woman, and shrewd is quite deep, can auto, others very tactful, above, below the love.
He enjoyed the play's shrewd and pungent social analysis.
He had close ties to cleveland and the west coast and he was one of the few men shrewd enough to be interested in las vegas and reno, the open cities of nevada.
Ulan bator's decision to split a prize asset three ways between us, chinese and russian companies is a shrewd political manoeuvre in face of hard geopolitical realities.
Clark was shrewd and meticulous,
Your father is a shrewd old fox.
He is reportedly a very astute and shrewd careerist scientific bureaucrat, these same western observers believe.
He is too kind to the latest nehru-gandhi rulers, for example. Sonia gandhi, congress's leader, has been much more successful than anyone had predicted, but that does not make her the shrewd strategist of mr french's description.
He is too shrewd to trust in bussiness matters.
He isan artist, a scientist and a shrewd businessman all rolled into one.
She's a shrewd businesswoman.
She's a shrewd judge of character.
The office will be headed by pieter feith, a shrewd dutch diplomat.
With a 33-bill "tool-kit" to cut local spending on his summer agenda, he will find shrewd compromising, as on the property tax, far more appealing than a paralytic tug-of-war.
He looked at them, his wellshaped mouth open happily, his eyes, from which he had suddenly withdrawn all shrewd sense, blinking with mad gaiety.
With him there, it has again played a central part in managing the world economy.mr strauss-kahn combined technical skills with shrewd political instincts.
He recounts a tale filled with shrewd insights into their characters and conflicts told through verbatim accounts of their conversations.
Of a strong and fearless character, of shrewd sense and readiness, of great determination, of that kind of beauty which not only seems to impart to its possessor firmness and animosity, but to strike into others an instinctive recognition of those qualities.
Without this shrewd attentiveness to what he nails as "hospitality as an aspect of strategy" kissinger believes the opening to china might never have happened; and the world would be a very different place.
The question was a quick, shrewd parry.
The rent will be a good income resource for shrewd investors.
The shrewd vendors charm tourists with their good english and unusual goods.
Was this a shrewd sop to nativists before mr obama pushes for a more welcoming immigration law?
As one shrewd observer reminded me, it has had 10 prime ministers during the past 15 years.
As one shrewd washingtonian told me, mr obama stopped behaving like a prime minister and acted instead like a president.
A pencil drawing of Pele, done in the naive primitive style.
Call it foolish, naive hope
And someone naive enough to believe
Disillusioned, credulous, naive even.
So some naive Philly fan comes to you
Devilicus thought he was naive and vowed to destroy him and everything he stood for.
He was a naive little kid. Didn't know anything about responsibility.
We sang ballads or played the simplest game prevailing in childhood, which once brought joyance to us and were making us relaxed and naive again in the world of adults.
So maybe we were naive to think we were coming back
So naive as to think you have a pair of warm-hearted person, thing mix, think again. Climb are from the bottom, or standing on the shoulders of giants to start?
So naive of me. I don't even know whether he loves me
Bad would never end, he declared, as long as naive and impressionable people were ready to be flattered and deceived.
He was so naive about it, I wanted to give him a good shake.
So suppose this naive guy, the Phillies fan
He wondered whether these remarks came from naive candor or from what her cousin had called her social experience.
He'd have to be very naive or very arrogant.
Oh, you naive American man - boy.
Oh, you naive American man boy.
A naive approach to quantum theory says that vacuum energy should be a whopping 1060 to 10120 times bigger than dark energy's estimated energy density.
A naive belief that house prices could never fall at the national level encouraged excessive speculation and lax lending, thereby precipitating an eventual collapse.
A naive belief that house prices could never fall at the national level encouraged excessive speculation and lax lending, thereby precipitating an eventual collapse.
A naive child take small shovel shovel the cowpea seedling trees, it spread to his mother ears, his mother caught him press the ground is two soles, the boy pig like howl for a while, then nobody dare offend those bean seedlings, hooking.
A naive hope of building heaven on earth.
A naive view of things.
A native of the Meuse. Or rather a naive of the Meuse.
We were incredibly naive to think
We were naive back then .
We were so naive we didn't think about putting Defog on our visor
The us has been almost wilfully naive about the connections between free trade and democracy.
So which is the real mr obama: the naive incompetent "in over his head" or the duplicitous machiavellian?
So you think I'm naive to believe we need to hold ourselves to a higher standard of combat?
I, I was young and naive enough to think that the cure couldn't possibly be worse than the disease
Their hatred of autocracy, their lacerating criticism and their ability to articulate the concerns of the oppressed seem naive and out of date.
Yeah. We were all so young and naive then.
I knew you were naive and provincial -
Do you know how naive you sound?
If I could play the role of a naive law student for a second,
Because it's got this naive idealism thing going on.
Because it's got this naive idealism thing going on.
I know that I'm naive
We're just kind of, like, naive and impatient,
Yes, generations of naive tourists, crypt raiders,
Because naive pledge to pieces qiangzei people can wilt die.
There are certain companies and organizations that make money by preying on naive and unsuspecting college students.
Helping the arabs sort themselves out is not naive do-goodery; it is rooted in kissingerian realpolitik.
A young naive version.
A young naive version.
Yes, she's naive but her feelings for Tsuyoshi are deep
Her charm resides in her naive attitude to life.
Her for it? No, but... Then make her pay for it, you naive little mouse!
Some might call a ban on autonomous robots naive or complain that it would tie the hands of soldiers faced with irregular warfare.
Some naive students display an almost maudlin concern for the welfare of animals while ignoring basic social inequity.
Don't make your thought, naive as all others.
Because she's naive enough to look at you, Joe,
Her polemical essays are rather naive and simplistic.
Because the Colorado had shaken him out of the naive assumption
Because they're too stupid and naive to know any better.
I know you were naive enough
Yet it would be naive to expect hillary-hatred to go away.
Yet most of us are naive about what climate-change adaptation will entail.
Because you laughed like a naive child.
Look, I know I've been a little drunk and naive tonight,
On the ground. The critics accuse the prime minister, david cameron, of having rushed into libya in the naive belief that air power alone could remove colonel qaddafi.
On the other hand, if naive concepts are never fully supplanted, and are quietly threaded into our thought process, it should take longer to evaluate inconsistent statements.
Yet, criminals looking to sell gold-plated tungsten as pure gold would only be able to dupe naive buyers.
Once I thought I have found the direction of life, but when it disappeared once again, I can know how ignorance and naive I am.
Well, I may be naive - I am naive, definitely.
Looking back, ubs does not strike me as a corrupt or fraudulent bank so much as a naive and careless one.
Looking to the opposite, they discovered that the opposite is an elderly, infants is not in accordance with that patient, careful to hide their own naive use their genuine love and all xiangshou four years of that, "I hope we can tonglu!"
Einstein was condemned as naive but his comment might still be true.
Well, I'm flattered by your rather naive view of my business prowess...
Well, I'm flattered by your rather naive view of my business prowess...
Well, I'm not as naive as you.
Well, I'm not as naive as you.
If she was a naive girl, guy pollock was a clumsy boy.
Specifically, it may simply be the case that scientific concepts that conflict with naive intuition are simply learned more tenuously than concepts that are consistent with our intuition.
You are naive if you believe implacable foes can be reconciled easily.
You are still considered a naive little baby child.
Eloquence to entice naive children to experiment with crack.
You are too naive
You are too naive to get it.
Lots of young, naive girls.
If that's what you think, you are naive -
I love his innocent smile, unabashedly emotional, but also naive dream.
You can always go backwards, and as the naive
They also catalogue the failure of america's naive expectations that china would honour its many commitments.
They also worry that facebook will find devious ways to make money from naive children or, more likely, their parents.
Starting with the great pyramid, we moved through the ancient vortexes, innocent and naive as children, enthralled by the mystery stored within the silent stones.
Ah, naive party of one, your cat is ready.
Ah, naive party of one, your cat is ready.
Even the language designers quickly saw a deficiency in this design-in hindsight, it's a bit naive to think that there can never be behavior that isn't attached to a class.
Only the naive view it in black and white.
Only the naive would expect a straight line progression when, in almost all human endeavours, the path zigzags.
You can understand her mind at the moment are very naive girl, feeling that they are great, trouble is not recognized as wrong, women sometimes strategically advantageous position, feeling that he is a great tool!
You can't afford to be this naive. You know what? I was naive before,
Married, with three beautiful, naive little daughters
I mean I may be naive and I'm from a small town.
Masako is still naive
Or do you think that they are naive about what's going to happen with their data trail?
You cannot be so naive as to believe
Or maybe I'm as naive as his girlfriend out there.
Maybe I was being naive
Maybe I was being naive
Or were you truly naive enough to think...
They may be naive and wrong.
Bush's naive idealism and unilateralism encouraged obama's realism and multilateralism.
Such a naive act may lead us to be blind for million lifes!
Such ventures have too often begun with good intentions and naive overconfidence, as oil-rich despots see their armour crumple and burn beneath superior western technology.
Maybe terribly naive and unfamiliar with the price of plumbing,
Other candidates clearly promise more than they can deliver, or reveal a naive view of what is possible.
If you think this is about one guy pulling one trigger, you're as naive as your father.
But I feel like my tribe thinks I'm naive and that I'm sticking with him.
They were naive enough to believe
Menelaus montrose is not a naive hero but rather what passes for an sf fan of his era.
They will be for all of us who re naive enough
West brom were naive bordering on reckless on the day and it is fairly obvious that there will be far stiffer tests as the weeks go by, now is not the time to be overly complacent.
I mean, you know how naive you are around people. I am not!
But I see now, that it was me with the naive belief.
What a naive boy he is!
Our naive sentimentalist.
But I was only a naive novice. How could I help?
But I'd be naive not to see that politics are behind this investigation.
Immediately, I move my spirit force to let all absorbed energy concentrate on my both hands and mix few own na? Ve qi, using this way I can control the massive world original qi through few naive qi.
I must have been naive to think we would get my parents' blessing.
Taking a naive idiot and making him run a marathon.
But a bit too naive for his own good. - because he was on the up - and - up?
But a bit too naive for his own good.
Firstly, I think it is a bit naive to believe that china will benevolently allow countries to 'experiment' with 'different economic models' that run counter to the economic interests of the chinese economy.
What can I say? I was young and naive back then.
Flatter the naive young younger sister who grows thickly.
Flying out of their home, that marriage is a lifestyle change, to start a new life, but a naive dream.
Modern readers would find such naive solutions totally unacceptable.
But big breakthroughs often depend on the naive daring of outsiders.
Although russia is capable of behaving cynically over syria and iran, analysts and diplomats in moscow also genuinely believe they have a more nuanced, less naive understanding of regional issues than their american counterparts.
But economists were hardly naive believers in market efficiency.
But economists were hardly naive believers in market efficiency.
But economists were hardly naive believers in market efficiency.
Am I naive to expect the company to think about the well-being of anyone other than those at the very top?
Am I naive to wish that lying is never the right thing to do?
Moreover-and this is presumably what motivated kocherlakota's comments-a naive extrapolation of year-to-date trends suggests that the manufacturing sector has bottomed out and is on the road to recovery.
For example, the statement "air is composed of matter" is inconsistent: it's false under a naive theory ( air just seems like empty space, right?)
American rhetoric about human rights and democracy is dismissed as naive or a deliberate effort to sow chaos.
People who equate truth with historical fact will certainly end up viewing the bible dismissively, as a naive and unsophisticated web of lies, since it is replete with elements that cannot be literally true.
But he was naive and trusting,
For officer Goh. Our naive officer Goh.
But he's very naive in the ways of the world.
Perhaps it was naive to think I could help someone .
Mr haniyeh's comment, in mr netanyahu's view, should dash such naive hopes.
Mr megrahi may be the beneficiary of flawed reasoning by a naive scottish administration or of cynical manoeuvring by the british government. But whether it was misconceived compassion or myopic conspiracy, his release was wrong.
Mr megrahi may be the beneficiary of flawed reasoning by a naive scottish administration or of cynical manoeuvring by the british government. But whether it was misconceived compassion or myopic conspiracy, his release was wrong.
Mr megrahi may be the beneficiary of flawed reasoning by a naive scottish administration or of cynical manoeuvring by the british government. But whether it was misconceived compassion or myopic conspiracy, his release was wrong
Mr megrahi may be the beneficiary of flawed reasoning by a naive scottish administration or of cynical manoeuvring by the british government. But whether it was misconceived compassion or myopic conspiracy, his release was wrong
Mr prestowitz, in the betrayal of american prosperity, argues that britain's naive faith in free markets allowed a mercantilist america to overtake it.
Mr yau admits he was naive when he started wagamama, too focused on the creative side of the business and not enough on how to "make a product much more of a formula, to make it into a square box" to allow it to expand easily.
But in the script writers hope to the hong kong martial arts films, is actually a salute naive and naive.
But it is naive to think that apple could continue to dominate the growing market for smartphones.
I realized on that day how naive I'd been.
I realized on that day how naive I'd been.
This is a very naive fantasy.
You know, I was waiting for this little naive judgment to come out.
You know, I was waiting for this little naive judgment to come out.
Fourth, he must tilt american policy back towards a more realistic balance between naive idealism and cynical pragmatism, without either alienating autocratic allies such as egypt and saudi arabia or ditching america's support for democracy and human rights.
How naive I was.
How naive are you? You don't think knowing people helps?
How naive can you be? You think herberger'd let them get drunk now?
How naive can you get?
How naive do you think we are?
How naive of me to think we have finally chose.
And I know that might seem naive to you and your Ivy League crowd.
But it takes a naive person like yourself
However hedonistic or naive they may be, children have long memories.
However those who work closely with the chinese industry warn that it is riddled with fakes, price-ramping and other speculative practices that make the market not a place for the naive or faint-hearted.
In its place came new and less flattering images: obama the talker, not the doer; obama the naive president, who was getting pushed around by the world's tough guys; obama, the hate figure for the american right, who lost one of the safest democratic seats in the senate in massachusetts.
In its place came new and less flattering images: obama the talker, not the doer; obama the naive president, who was getting pushed around by the world's tough guys; obama, the hate figure for the american right, who lost one of the safest democratic seats in the senate in massachusetts.
In january last year, the buzz or naive hope in davos was that the arrival of the new obama administration would deliver a multilateral us policy approach.
In manila, u.n. children's fund child protection officer victoria juat says naive children and parents are lured by an old trick.
In many ways, SH's a very naive girl.
Hsin-mei felt the question was naive beyond a doubt.
And I was naive enough to marry you anyway.
That naive idiot you laughed at
That naive idiot you laughed at
This makes him appear either naive and too trusting, or vulnerable and hopelessly helpless.
That said, I did not become supreme leader by being naive about america.
That said, it would be naive to expect such a compromise to stifle all republican complaints.
My brother's naive on this and...
You make a bet with the naive Philly fan, you're betting the
My daughter is naive
This must sound insanely naive to you.
My experience with brittany taught me that though we are all naive in our youth, the choices we make will impact us forever.
I agree. And certain young and naive people -
I agree. And certain young and naive people -
That sweet, naive hick you're marrying might buy this loving, cooperative attitude, but not your mommy.
I am a groundbreaker naive enough to believe this.
You poor, naive chump.
What, my naive belief in humanity?
What, my naive belief in humanity?
What? Meaning she was naive and innocent?
I am no longer naive enough to be a Jedi.
My naive little umbrella! Sigh!
And I'm not naive enough to expect
And I'm not naive enough to expect any special personal allegiance from you.
Raikes's predecessor patty stonesifer wrote to the newspaper: "the stories you told of people who are suffering touched us all. But it is naive to suggest that an individual stockholder can stop that suffering. Changes in our investment practices would have little or no impact on these issues."
Rather than sticking to pluralism, mr cameron wasted time and political capital on the dud theme of the "big society" and naive waffle about voluntarism.
This situation conflicts with the naive theoretical picture originally painted of this medium as an almost ideal, weakly interacting gas.
You seized a naive junior lawyer on your legal staff.
Naive is naive, artless is innocent, naive is also a lively and lovely!
I think one of the dumbest, most naive moves in
I think one of the dumbest, most naive moves in
Nature naughty children, I was more naive prankster child.
I think that's kind of a naive approach.
In very many cases, there was extraordinarily exact special knowledge combined with the most crude and naive assumptions about history in general.
This was a naive attempt at "increasing purchasing power" by increasing payrolls.
Never be so bookish and naive as to treat complex class struggle as a simple matter.
And before you know it, that naive idiot you laughed at has made you a better person.
When did it become naive to try to put an end to genocide?
When did it become naive to try to put an end to genocide?
I think we're being a little naive here.
I think you are naive to follow me along now. Alright.
Instead, he relied on a naive conception of science, on which he claimed that national socialism was based.
When l was just a naive high school girl. Things weren't the way l wanted.
When l was just a naive high school girl. Things weren't the way l wanted.
When naive consumers always drink the fake lafite, they find the real one tastes funny.
Internet will have massive negative influence upon those naive children.
Thus the tendency is to regard carter as a naive optimist and the years between his presidency andan inconvenient truthas a kind of dark ages best forgotten.
No doubt, too, some prominent indians are a little naive about the realities of multi-lateral diplomacy and ill-informed about the paths to development that others have trod.
When we are young, we are so naive and full of hope
Is either naive or a liar.
No matter how naive
Rl is very naive at the first sight.
But we should not be so naive as to assume that means only three guns.
Is it really naive to want to believe in people?
Had this naive faith in people.
Where possible, the solution is to tailor prices to people's willingness to pay or price-sensitivity, much as vendors in street markets do when they offer naive tourists a higher price than seasoned locals.
And if you're naive and uneducated enough to listen,
Scholars have suggested that because the edicts say nothing about the philosophical aspects of buddhism, asoka had a simplistic and naive understanding of the dhamma.
And in many ways, she's a very naive girl.
And in the american family, the parents of a child is respected, children are willing to communicate on an equal footing, listening to some of their ideas, children were more like some of the views expressed, even if some ideas that some naive and ridiculous.
The administration is not naive about russia.
Happy? Only the stupid and naive marry in order to be happy!
And it does not seem naive to me to want more...
The analogy would be a naive young adult
You'll look back and realize just how naive you were.
I want someone naive like you as well.
To portray him out of context could make him appear naive and unworldly.
To prey on the fears of a naive couple,
The author analyzes the content about hunting in two epics, kojojax and budayik, thinks that it reproduces the life, habits, belief of ancient kirgiz people in the era of hunting and manifests the old naive ecological concept of ancient kirgiz people.
The bad, the corrupt and the naive "may well be an interesting title for an upcoming film, but that's no prescription for building the kind of trust needed to move partnerships forward.
It could be argued that mr woodford was naive to confront the chairman without having first amassed internal allies.
And jaded naive thing I've ever heard..
You're being naive and you know it.
But your unfocused, naive approach to medical school
But your unfocused, naive approach to medical school. - look, I told you I can handle this.
The cambodian girl of the restaurant, naive and lively, kept chatting with us while smiling and greeting passers.
The campaign worker, a naive virginian, is an indian descent.
Seems to be all pert heady stuff for a naive young girl.
I was a naive young thing, I admit it.
I was a naive young thing, I admit it.
I was a young, naive girl.
And naive in order to trap him.
It is a shame, too, that thebook has such a naive title: secure in his mountain fastness, el chapo may have outlived his rivals and former partners.
While health officials have no idea how many people might be infected with hand, foot, and mouth disease in cambodia, buchy speculates that the population is largely naive to the virus and that "we may have a huge proportion of the child population that is not totally immune."
Having run for president twice before, he is not naive about politics.
And slanderous accusations shouldn't be made to young, naive people
And so naive about the world
It is naive to think otherwise. Will you stand still?
She acts naive about sex but really likes it, doesn't she?
She acts naive about sex but really likes it, doesn't she?
Nobody must ever catch him out as naive
Who did not share their government's naive sentiments.
Who did not share their government's naive sentiments.
You're naive to think that this isn't about me.
I was hopelessly naive when I married you.
I was hopelessly naive when I married you.
Normal because people are basically, having learned a lesson, children are not naive before acting according to wish.
The drama takes an idealistic, even a naive view of the subject.
Too often, mr cameron's idea of the "big society" comes across as a naive faith in voluntarism.
Captain randall and the occupants of the carriage smothered smiles at this naive explanation of rifle pits.
I was naive before, when they said:
I was naive enough to think that he could find a place to call home.
I was naive enough to think we could.
I was naive in many ways.
I was naive to believe him.
I was naive to think I could just...
I was naive to think that I could change the world.
You're so naive off.
You're still in your naive period?
You're such a naive princess!
You're such a sweet, naive guy.
He derides her naive attitude.
He described the 17-year veteran and greeley, colo. man as giving, compassionate and patriotic but also naive in trusting the poor advice of a previous civilian lawyer.
The hastily assembled stimulus packages were a throwback to naive keynesianism.
Towards america's enemies and rivals, the charge goes, mr obama has proved weak, naive and apologetic.
The head of pakistan's armed forces, general ashfaq kayani, in particular, is said to dismiss america's understanding of the fractured country next door as naive and simplistic, a doomed effort to make afghanistan into something it is not.
The heart is naive
You're too naive to be the man they accuse you of being.
I was so naive about her.
I was so naive that I broke off my engagement...
I don't know. Maybe I was being a little naive about that.
You're way too naive for your age. You need some professional help.
It was endearing how naive she was about the kids' potential.
Not the first thing in your life you've been naive about.
It was inclined to believe that mightiness was criminals and the weaker was victim cause of naive everyone of us.
It was naive of me to think that
It was naive thinking, I have to be honest.
It was one of the most politically naive decisions the supreme court had made in a long time.
The killer whales have only a few days to take advantage of the naive young pups.
You, have to watch out she's not easy and naive
You, have to watch out she's not easy and naive
Charmingly naive let people love explores the secret giant panda breeding the base studying.
It would be naive for me to claim objectivity in this case,
It would be naive to assume that these deep-rooted problems can be solved overnight.
It would be naive to imagine that either man is curbing his brawling instincts out of especially noble motives.
It would be naive to think otherwise.
It would be naive to think that its model can simply be copied elsewhere.
It would be naive to urge or expect either country to become a full-blooded democracy in a trice.
It would be nice to think but probably naive that come the next election
She w as too naive to know her idea couldn't work.the fear cam e after she suc-ceeded.
Young, naive women are enticed to leave their countries with promises of jobs.
I will not be that naive again!
Now suppose that some naive person comes to you and says
The meddling of naive westerners only makes things worse. Look at iraq and afghanistan, proof that bossy benevolence will fail.
The meddling of naive westerners only makes things worse.
Why your dad coax my naive husband
She was young and naive enough to believe it.
The naive artist, mrs. li-liang, is the object of this research. This research focuses on the case interview and the document analysis.
The naive idiot was hoping to get a lot of money for it, as if nobody knew the whip can only cast one of the four damning spells when it's used by a matriarch.
The naive quality of the map is so stark against its tragic contents.
The naive supposition would have been that this should be an ideal time to run a leftwing party, with capitalism in crisis and even free market champions such as alan greenspan, former us federal reserve chairman, admitting there has been something wrong with their conception of the economic universe.
Your naive romantic attraction to the human I chose to inhabit.
Your naive romantic attraction to the human I chose to inhabit.
It's naive of us to imagine.
It's naive of you to believe he'll do what he says.
It's naive to say hip-hop can bring people together especially when the media divide people with propaganda and racism.
It's naive to think that a country the size
It's naive to think that teachers are always tolerant.
It's naive to think the recent official attention to corruption will amount to much.
Come on, Bobby. That's naive
I expect you to be naive about hair,
I expect you to be naive about hair, makeup, and fashion,
And what I thought was your naive belief that our dreams could come true,
And what I thought was your naive belief that our dreams could come true,
Unless you are naive or stupid, or both, the answer must be entirely dependent on whom you tell the secret to.
Comparing to him, I am naive and lazy. I should learn from him, and try to keep myself to be "my husband's only true love" and become a perfect housewife!
I feel like maybe I'm naive about relationships, you know?
I feel like maybe I'm naive about relationships, you know?
And what's worse is that our naive students worship him,
He might be naive enough to believe that it's the real one.
It's odd. For me, you're that young, naive judge.
I find you rather naive this evening, Diego.
I find you rather naive this evening, Diego.
Conservative bankers regularly trot out this anecdote to show that it is naive to expect rapid change in such a traditional business.
Conservative bankers regularly trot out this anecdote to show that it is naive to expect rapid change in such a traditional business.
The only way to avoid that would be to play the tunes to babies naive to prevailing musical tastes.
The original naive implementation used the modulus operator, which is wildly inefficient, to check every number from 2 up to the target number itself to determine if it is a factor.
It's quite naive thinking, that, and it's quite a revelation for myself
With the feminization of women's menstrual cramps and body development, that they feel is not a naive child, and felt himself more and more significant differences with men.
The politician made a naive decision.
don't be so naive
Showed mild spleen enlargement, generally less than 5cm. Hemogram youhong show markedly increased naive neutropenia, thrombocytosis.
Cynics say it is naive to expect anything dramatic before the 2012 election; yet it is also naive to expect investors to be fobbed off with lame efforts like the debt-ceiling deal.
I guess I was naive to think I could save her from a life in prison.
Of course, it's also quite likely that hermione, being inexperienced and naive in the relationship department, hasn't figured out her own feelings with regard to krum, ron and harry at this stage.
The second objection is that the industry depends on a naive view of the power of reputation: that companies with positive reputations will find it easier to attract customers and survive crises.
I'm a naive idiot, right?
John Waterhouse's hylas and the nymphs has a naive but handsome hylas
don't tell me you're naive enough to take them at their word?
I'm afraid I am a bit naive when it comes to the weaker sex.
Was she naive and foolish also?
Slowly and grudgingly the us may finally be starting to close its deficit as well after years of naive keynesianism and fiscal opportunism.
Derivatives caused more embarrassment in the 1990s as naive local authorities, such as orange county in california, and corporate treasury departments lost fortunes in contracts they did not understand.
Just how naive you were.
Just how naive you were.
I'm gonna give you some advice, my naive nephew.
I'm gonna give you some advice, my naive nephew.
So blind, naive people, people not unlike yourself,
Are we being naive about the amount of information we are putting online?
I'm just checking how naive you are.
Are you naive or what? It's your job.
Are you really as naive as you seem?
Are you really naive enough
Are you really naive enough to believe that you can simply talk to him and change his mind?
Are you really naive enough to believe that you simply talk to him
Are you really naive enough to think a reporter would keep it off the record...
Are you really this naive in your world?
Are you so naive as to think that our daughter could go to a good school
Are you so naive as to think that our daughter
I'm more naive than you think...
Oh, my naive young Jedi.
Killer whales have only a few days to take advantage of the naive young pups.
Kurlantzick says thompson was a "multifaceted, generous and foresighted man, but he was in some ways too idealistic, bordering on the naive and it became his downfall in many ways."
I'm not some naive college kid from grand Rapids that you can intimidate.
I'm not some naive college kid from grand Rapids that you can intimidate.
I'm sorry. This must sound insanely naive to you.
We hoped that love does not adulterate any condition, but a formidable fact certificate this kind of hope is naive but the helpless--common interest, what has not discussed the support and the understanding?
We play the part of naive dupes, rather than willing accomplices.
